Chapter 4:
Meeting Magic (4)
'How brilliant. No, insightful. Are you really a commoner? What a pity.'
Shirone sensed he couldn't stay here long and asked his second question.
"How can one learn magic? Does it require a special power?"
"I don't know what you mean by special power, but it certainly requires considerable
mental strength."
It was an unexpectedly mundane answer. Shirone thought Alpheas might be hiding the truth.
"Is that really all? Do you mean if I think about creating wind, I could fly like
you just did?"
"That's a rather difficult question. But to exaggerate somewhat, yes. Of course,
mere thinking isn't enough. A magician's mind must perfectly harmonize with the world. It's like an
extremely sensitive mental state."
The children, seeing their principal seriously conversing with someone for the first
time, didn't dare interrupt.
"How does one experience this extremely sensitive mental state?"
Alpheas understood Shirone's intentions and smiled slightly. This wasn't mere curiosity.
This child was exploring. He truly intended to learn magic right here and now.
'A pity he's a commoner. He'll never have a chance to learn magic in his lifetime. Better
to give him closure now than let him suffer lifelong frustration.'
Alpheas relaxed his expression as if to lighten the mood.
"When a magician concentrates, his mind becomes so sensitive that he can sense
everything around him. Magicians call this entering the Spirit Zone. I'll show you a demonstration. Let one
of these children show you. Shuamin, would you enter the Spirit Zone?"
"Yes, Principal."
The girl named Shuamin answered confidently. These children, all called geniuses before
entering the school, naturally wanted to show off their skills.
As Shuamin closed her eyes to concentrate, the children created a quiet atmosphere. As if
such behavior further emphasized their superiority.
"I've entered the Spirit Zone."
"Then let's begin."
Alpheas took out a coin and shook it. Then he grabbed the coin and extended his fist.
"Now, how many coins are in here?"
"Six."
When he opened his palm, six silver coins lay there. Ignoring Shirone's surprised
expression, Alpheas repeated the action.
"Let's try again."
"Three."
She was correct again.
He tried several more times with the same result. Alpheas put away the coins with a
satisfied expression and said:
"That's enough, Shuamin. Well done."
Shuamin exhaled deeply. Even though she'd only guessed numbers, beads of cold sweat had
formed on her forehead.
"This is what an extremely sensitive mental state means. Upon entering the Spirit
Zone, a magician can perceive the external world with heightened senses. Outstanding magicians can even
count leaves on distant trees. Of course, what Shuamin demonstrated is impressive too."
Shirone felt he understood. He too had achieved the Thunder Strike by intuiting an
impossible-to-find weak point through insight.
By his reasoning, Shuamin hadn't counted the coins. She had concentrated all her senses
and perceived the entire situation inside Alpheas's hand.
'An extremely sensitive mental state. The Spirit Zone.'
Shirone pondered Alpheas's words. Naturally, a question followed: Could I do it? Or
rather, might I already be able to?
"Anyone can do it."
Alpheas said, reading Shirone's thoughts.
Anyone can enter the Spirit Zone. But not just anyone can do it.
Innate talent.
That was the world of magic.
"Practice in a quiet place. First, feel yourself. Then erase yourself. If you can do
that, a different world will unfold before you. Do you understand?"
"I understand."
Shirone got it.
"If one cannot feel oneself, then one cannot erase oneself either."
Alpheas was impressed again. This wasn't an insight a 12-year-old could normally
comprehend.
In that case, there were two possibilities: either he truly had talent, or he was a child
sent by a mischievous acquaintance playing a prank.
"Would you try it? Here and now?"
Seeing no reason to refuse, Shirone closed his eyes. He thought he might succeed by
drawing on his Thunder Strike experience. But once he concentrated, he realized this was different from
finding a tree's weak point.
He couldn't visualize anything. Trying to recall his own appearance only produced images
constructed mostly from visual information. It was shocking how little he knew about himself.
'What am I? Who is this being called myself?'
Shirone delved endlessly into his thoughts. Finally, he reached a thought about himself
thinking.
'The brain. Humans are their brains.'
No matter what he recalled, he couldn't clearly define himself. Humans are merely brain
functions. If thinking is all I am, then when I stop thinking, I cease to exist.
Shirone began gradually erasing his brain functions. It was something anyone could do,
but not just anyone could accomplish.
His mind felt like it was being sucked into an abyss. For the first time, he felt he
could see the form of concentration. As his nervous system connected to his five senses dissolved, he could
no longer distinguish what was smell and what was touch.
And finally, Shirone disappeared from his own brain.
Shirone's eyes snapped open.
The scene before him was peaceful. Children were yawning, and girls were pulling out
strands of hair to play pranks. Somehow, ten minutes had passed without Shirone realizing it.
"How was it? Did you hear anything?"
Alpheas wasn't expecting much. He respected the concentration that lasted ten minutes,
but entering the Spirit Zone wasn't something one could do just by trying. If it were merely a matter of
standing with eyes closed, anyone could become a magician.
"Yes, I heard."
Surprised by the unexpected answer, Alpheas raised his eyebrows.
"Oh? What did you hear?"
"Sounds. I heard all sounds."
"Well now, I see."
Alpheas nodded. Shirone probably hadn't entered the Spirit Zone. Even an ordinary person
can hear all sorts of things after ten minutes of concentration. But what happens in the Spirit Zone is on
an entirely different level.
First, one experiences synesthesia. Sounds emit scents, light produces tastes, and images
are felt through the skin.
'It seems impossible right away after all. What a shame. A child with potential.'
If he had been born a noble, if he had trained from childhood, might he have achieved
similar accomplishments as these children here?
But that alone wasn't enough to change Alpheas's mind. The world is full of talented
people, as numerous as stars. He couldn't even guarantee that all the children present would become
magicians.
"Well done. With diligent practice, you'll be able to hear even more sounds."
Alpheas patted Shirone and walked away with the children. Shirone knew he was
disappointed. But even the fact that he didn't check to see if Shirone had left the school was kindness
enough.
Shirone climbed over the wall and ran frantically. Only after stopping and sitting down
did he notice his heart pounding against his ribcage.
"It really worked."
***
Shirone heard all sounds. Of course, there were other sensations too, but he couldn't
tell Alpheas about them.
When his vague ideal became tangible, all his thoughts warned him that proceeding further
would be dangerous.
Perhaps he hadn't entered the Spirit Zone after all. He still couldn't define what it
was.
It felt as if his body was breaking into particles and dispersing. As his senses opened,
all kinds of information poured in. He trembled at the vastness of a world entirely different from what he
perceived with his five senses. Simultaneously, one truth pierced his mind.
I am infinite.
"Hic, sob."
Shirone shed tears from overwhelming emotion. He closed his eyes tightly and ran. He
didn't even realize he was running. His awakened brain secreted an enormous amount of adrenaline, causing
him to temporarily black out.
Suddenly, a dull impact struck his face.
"Oof!"
Shirone clutched his nose and fell on his backside. Coming to his senses, he found
himself in an alley. The gloomy place Vincent had strictly forbidden him to enter.
"What the hell, how annoying!"
The young man who had been hit by Shirone's back fell and snapped angrily. In front of
him stood some rough-looking men glaring at Shirone.
After getting up, the young man grabbed Shirone's collar. He had slanted eyes and a
viciously twisted lip.
"What's your problem? Are you crazy?"
"I'm sorry!"
"You think saying sorry makes it okay? Tell me the truth. Did the Wolf gang send
you? Were you trying to ambush me just now?"
"No! No!"
The ruffians smiled cruelly at Shirone's terrified eyes. This kid, who looked cute even
when fallen, didn't have the courage to hit anyone, let alone wield a knife.
In the back alleys, they called such types "herbivores." And herbivores were
good sources of income for carnivores. Seeing him trembling with fear, all they had to do now was strip him
of his valuables.
'Oh? Look at this.'
Judging by his face, though poorly dressed, he had noble features. A child like this
could be sold to the South Village for at least one gold coin as premium labor.
"What are you guys doing? Did something fun happen?"
"Lady Eimy!"
The ruffians turned around in unison.
A pretty girl about Shirone's age stood at the entrance of the alley. Her reddish bangs
flowed down, covering one eye, and she wore a dress with a high collar matching her long neck.
"Hehe. What brings you here? Bored again?"
Despite his casual tone, the young man rubbed his hands obsequiously. Anyone who knew her
identity would do the same.
Karmis Eimy.
The youngest daughter of the House of Karmis, a first-rank noble family. Born with
everything, she had grown tired of life and lately found her only joy in prowling back alleys looking for
entertainment.
First-rank was just below royalty in the hierarchy, so it was natural for the back alley
ruffians to tremble before her. Moreover, Eimy was generous with her money, earning even their respect.
"This bastard here, miss, tried to kill someone. So we were just about to teach him
a lesson."
Shirone shook his head urgently.
"No, no. I bumped into him by accident."
"You're lying. You expect us to believe that?"
A burly man punched Shirone in the stomach, sending him rolling on the ground without
even a chance to scream. His breath stopped, and his stomach felt like it was being torn apart. It was the
first violence he had ever experienced.
"You have to pay compensation, punk! Where's your mother? Bring that mother who gave
birth to a conscienceless bastard like you, probably stuffing her face with bread somewhere!"
Shirone was shocked. How could they speak like that when they had mothers too? They truly
were bad people.
"What's this? Your eyes are changing? Are you upset?"
As Shirone's expression hardened, the ruffians jumped in and started stomping on him.
Even then, Shirone didn't understand why they avoided touching his face.
"Stop. You'll kill him at this rate."
At Eimy's command, the ruffians backed off.
Shirone looked at her with frightened eyes. He envied how free she seemed from pain, as
if there were an invisible glass wall between them.
"Hey! Are you okay?"
"I, I didn't do anything."
"Who said you did? I asked if you're okay."
"I don't know if I am."
Shirone wanted to go home. Perhaps this girl would let him leave. Weren't women supposed
to dislike violence? He desperately hoped for her permission to go.
Eimy turned to the ruffians and said:
"What are you going to do now? Anything more entertaining?"
Shirone looked at Eimy with eyes full of betrayal and fear. But she just grinned
mischievously. One of the ruffians scratched his head and said:
"We were thinking of relieving him of his valuables and then selling him to a male
brothel."
Shirone's face turned as pale as thin soup. Seeing the frightened boy's face, even Eimy
felt a little sorry for him.
But she had no intention of playing with these back alley trash in the same way. She
planned to scare him a little and then send him home.
"For a brothel, he must be flawless. How about we strip him and take a look?"
Eimy made a bold suggestion. Nobles matured earlier than commoners, so at 12 years old,
she was quite knowledgeable in theory.
Her curiosity was strong, and she'd been wanting to see for herself.
'Besides... he's handsome, isn't he? To be honest.'
She wouldn't want to see a rough adult's naked body even if paid. Fortunately, Shirone
was of similar age and had an appearance she liked. While common women might prefer strong, sturdy men,
nobles favored faces like Shirone's.
"Take your clothes off. Who knows? If you do what you're told diligently, I might
send you home."
Shirone went blank while receiving numerous gazes. He couldn't understand why he deserved
such treatment.
"Hey, the young lady told you to strip! Want another beating?"
The ruffian barked, but Shirone didn't even react.
Eimy felt slightly uneasy. While a 12-year-old noble might be considered grown up, a
commoner was still a child. He might have lost his mind from fear beyond his limits.
But Shirone wasn't insane. He was more focused than ever. Without realizing it, he had
entered the Spirit Zone in his panic state.
This second experience of the Spirit Zone was different from the first. All kinds of
information swirled around him. He could even hear the ruffians blinking.
In this hypersensitive mental world, Shirone let his consciousness flow along the only
path available. At the destination of this path lay the memory of Alpheas casting magic.
Shirone's intuition gathered all the surface information of Alpheas casting
magic—emotions, sensations, mental state, actions, attitudes, posture.
As the external form took shape, the internal intent became predictable, and a concept
suddenly appeared in his mind.
"You bastard! Aren't you going to pull down your pants? The young lady wants to
see!"
The Spirit Zone, requiring high concentration, is vulnerable to physical shock. Shirone
almost fell out of it when the ruffian grabbed his collar and shook him.
As an eerie energy rose in Shirone's pupils, Eimy reached out and shouted:
"Wait a moment!"
But the situation was already irreversible.
Shirone's mind, precariously balanced between reality and the Spirit Zone, recognized the
danger and instinctively twisted phenomena.
Whoosh!
High-density wind surged, lifting everything in the alley. Not only the ruffians but also
Eimy went flying.
Like a typhoon had swept through, not a wooden box, stone, or speck of dust remained.
"Aaaah! Help!"
Hearing screams from the sky, Shirone snapped out of the Zone. Coming to his senses, he
saw an empty, desolate alley.
Soon after, people who had risen higher than the rooftops began falling with terrifying
screams.
Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!
Heavy sounds that foreshadowed impact hit the ground. Gravity being a force much stronger
than common sense suggested, the ruffians' limbs broke upon landing.
"Urgh..."
"My, my arm. My leg..."
Legs were bent grotesquely, and arm bones protruded through skin by a handspan. It looked
like discarded wooden puppets strewn about carelessly.
Shirone was speechless, never having expected a moment's emotion to cause such a
devastating result.
At that moment, one person landed on the ground intact—Eimy.
Nobles train their bodies systematically from childhood. Especially those of the first
rank.
Eimy, who had grabbed her fluttering skirt while descending, looked at Shirone with an
astonished expression.
"You... what exactly are you?"
The scene Shirone created vividly demonstrated why magicians were feared. Even she, with
her innate athletic abilities, couldn't resist the sudden updraft.
"Answer me! Where did you learn magic? How can a commoner...!"
Eimy stopped mid-sentence and looked back. People were gathering, drawn by the screams.
If rumors spread that she had been associating with ruffians, her family would be in an uproar.
"Tch!"
Eimy placed one foot against a building. Kicking off the wall, she flew up, pushed off
the wall surface again with both feet, and disappeared onto the roof of the opposite building.
"Huh? Huh?"
Shirone, who had been trying to follow her zigzagging movement, didn't know what to do
when she disappeared. If people saw this scene, he would be blamed for everything. The city is cruel to the
powerless; no one would take his side.
Shirone fled in the opposite direction. He moved his legs frantically, seeking his
father, the only one he could trust and rely on.