Chapter 22:
Learning Magic (5)
Shirone focused his mind even more. Ignoring what the Image Zone showed, he delved solely
into the Spirit Zone, and the already large sphere expanded to twice its size.
The upperclassmen's jaws dropped. The recorded measurement showed a diameter of 41
meters.
Considering that Class Four's average diameter was 27 meters, this was close to
graduation-level.
"Wh-what? How is his Zone that big?"
Etra was equally surprised.
Of course, the Spirit Zone could grow in size through training.
But it required not just physical endurance like knights but also mental growth through
enlightenment.
The body was honest—persistent training would yield results. But the mind was a battle
against vague illusions with no clear answers.
Countless magicians in the world spend their entire lives without achieving their goals
and end up frustrated.
This was why magic was considered the domain of talent.
'I've never seen a Zone this outstanding from the start. He must have grown up
contemplating the world and exploring his inner self from a young age. But he's only 18 now—is this really
possible?'
Unlike before, Shirone now felt confident. As the Spirit Zone grew, he could feel the
frame stabilizing.
Unaware of the many students staring at him in astonishment, he was solely focused on
connecting the Spirit Zone's skeleton.
'Don't obsess. Link them all at once.'
Gritting his teeth, Shirone widened his eyes. As he shifted into the Defensive Type of
the Four Directions Method, the large sphere tightened around him as if trying to crush him.
The force was so intense that the onlookers hallucinated the sound of creaking.
"Whoa……"
A groan escaped from somewhere.
Shirone examined the Four Directions Method he had manifested with wonder. It felt like
being trapped inside a diamond crystal.
It was a perfectly interlocked form, just like the polyhedron Etra had demonstrated. The
Zone's diameter was 13 meters. From 41 meters to 13 meters meant 30% efficiency, but success was still
success.
"He really did it! A freshman performed the Four Directions Method on the first day!"
The naive Class Seven students made a fuss, causing some upperclassmen to frown.
But there were also quite a few who viewed him favorably because of his numbers. Most of
them were female students.
Amy didn't belong to either group. She just found Shirone increasingly irritating.
Why had she forgotten? The reason she had resolved to study magic was because Shirone had
humiliated her.
'What's his deal?'
This wasn't a school you could enter just because you had talent. He must have had a
backer. Who was behind him?
"Teacher, the volume shrank way more than I expected."
"Huh? It's only natural. But the durability must have improved significantly. It should
withstand some physical impact."
Shirone agreed. The frame's solidity was palpable. At this level, even physical shocks
wouldn't risk ejection from the Spirit Zone.
Etra scratched her eyebrow.
'The rumors about him surprising the teachers during the entrance test must be true.'
Of course, you couldn't get full on the first bite. She acknowledged his remarkable
insight, but his success with the Defensive Type was due to his Convergent Type inclination and abnormally
large Zone.
Finally noticing the reactions around him, Shirone reverted to a shy boy and retreated to
a corner.
Perhaps because he was buried in stares, he didn't notice Amy glaring at him intensely.