Chapter 1013:
Evil Strikes Back (1)
Even without knowing Shirone's identity, those waiting for him included
the kingdom's top officials and the Ten Mages of the Ivory Tower.
Either was not someone a magic school teacher could treat lightly, but
Wizard insisted.
"I want to go say hello! Quickly, quickly!" The teacher was
pale.
"Wizard, those people are very busy. Why not play with your teacher
instead? Maybe, shall we draw?"
"No! I'm going! I will go!" If it had been an ordinary child,
perhaps the teacher wouldn't have insisted to such an extent.
However, Wizard had never shown social etiquette in front of anyone
before.
Even when the king visited.
'She pulled on His Majesty's beard. Well, that's actually okay. No one
dotes on Wizard more than he does.'
Being a mage herself, she knew the influence the Ivory Tower's star had
on the kingdom.
"Huh?"
Suddenly, as the teacher's legs lifted off the ground, Wizard, holding
her hand, led her forward.
Shirone's gaze changed.
'Gravitational collapse.'
It wasn't cast knowingly, but a phenomenon that naturally ignited within
synesthetic thought.
'Her potential is the strongest among humans...'
Lampa's words suddenly made sense as Wizard slid on the ground and
arrived.
"Who are you, big brother?"
With her abundant golden hair braided thickly on each side and faint
freckles across her nose bridge, she was cute.
'This is more serious than I thought.'
He didn't want to use the term 'madness,' but her gaze was different
from other children.
'She already realizes her own strength. She finds pleasure in the
discomfort of others, even though she knows she is disliked.'
A child who could beat adults.
'When this simple curiosity merges with pleasure, it could amplify to
near infinity...'
Could this lead to becoming another Harvitz?
Though his thoughts were grave and extreme, Shirone greeted her with a
smile.
"Hello? I'm an inspector for the kingdom."
"What's an inspector?"
"Someone who checks if students are doing well, if they're having
any hard times. You included."
"Hmm."
As Wizard seemed to lose interest, Shirone asked a personal question out
of curiosity.
"How's school? Is magic fun?"
"Yes! It's fun!"
Her emotional shift was as rapid as it was simple.
"I can beat brothers, sisters, teachers, and all these men
here!"
As she pointed one by one at Lampa and then the Ten Mages of the Ivory
Tower, the teacher's face turned red.
"I'm sorry! She's still young..."
Though it was a convenient excuse, Wizard didn't stop there and pointed
at Shirone.
"And I can beat you too."
The expressions of the Ten Mages of the Ivory Tower hardened as Shirone
quizzically tilted his head.
"You're a mage too, right? A kingdom inspector mage."
Lampa's eyes narrowed.
'When the Great One conceals his energy, even my eyes can't gauge his
level. Truly a terrifying talent.'
Shirone readily admitted.
"Yes, I'm a mage too. Like Wizard, I studied magic diligently from
a young age."
Wizard exaggeratedly pretended to laugh.
"But you're really weak."
Believing her instincts still showed her innocence despite her
abilities...
"Wizard is strong. This much strong."
She gestured broadly with her short arms, indicating a wild
nature.
'It won't be easy to handle her,' Shirone thought, broaching the subject
lightly.
"Yes, Wizard is really good. But there are many people in the world
who are better."
The life seemed to drain from Wizard's eyes as if her soul had left
her.
"I will win. I am strong."
"Really? Hmm, what if Wizard loses? Do you think you'd get angry or
sad?"
At that moment.
"I will win! I'll win everything!"
A hidden anger exploded through the child's voice.
"Go away! I hate you! Phoo, phoo!"
She expressed the greatest hostility she could, suddenly grabbing dirt
and throwing it at Shirone.
"Wizard!"
While the teachers turned pale, Shirone did not flinch and
continued.
"Okay. Since Wizard can win everything, why don't you show
me?"
"Yeah, good! Let's play! A game!"
Used to tests from birth, Wizard turned towards the challenge.
"No, not a game. Real magic." The teachers gasped, and the
watching officials turned their heads.
"But real combat..."
"It's okay. She's fully capable. What do you think, Wizard? Can you
still win?"
"Okay. I will win everything. Let's do that."
Shirone nodded, and Barlot, the leader of the Ten Mages of the Ivory
Tower, stepped forward.
"Then I will be your opponent."
The teachers couldn't believe their ears.
"What?"
Remembering what the star of the Ivory Tower entailed, they rushed over
yelling.
"This can't be! She's just a child! Let us do it
instead!"
The dedicated teacher pleaded with Shirone.
"Inspector! I'll take responsibility for Wizard's rudeness. Please
stop this."
Shirone's thought was...
'Barlot will test Wizard.'
It seemed like a good match.
'The teachers are scared. It means they don't know the true nature of
what's beside them.'
Shirone spoke up.
"I wish she wouldn't be treated as just a child."
"That... That..."
As the teachers looked on in disgust, Barlot grasped the true intention
of the words.
'Is that the level?'
He had expected it, but hearing it from Shirone reignited his
spirit.
Lampa intervened to mediate the atmosphere.
"Then I will officiate. The match will last three minutes. However,
I will intervene if it becomes dangerous."
With Lampa's words, the teachers finally snapped out of their panic
state.
"Three minutes, just last three minutes..." Meanwhile, Amy
frowned.
'Three minutes is enough to do anything at the level of the stars.
Ultimately, even Lampa is siding with Shirone.'
In the center of the training field, Barlot scrutinized Wizard with a
cold gaze.
'Synaesthetic thinking.'
To humans, what is a creative notion is merely basic logic for
Wizard.
'If she can create all solutions...'
As Barlot's eyes widened, flames erupted from beneath the ground.
'Without a correct answer!'
A massive column of fire twisted in the air towards Wizard.
'Crush with power!'
As the training field blazed with giant flames, the teachers screamed in
horror.
The dedicated teacher yelled at Lampa.
"That's not what was promised! What law allows you to do this to a
child? I'll sue you!"
No one paid any attention.
Not Shirone, not Amy, not Lampa; they were only following the two
shadows moving within the flames.
"There was a solution after all."
Lampa responded to Shirone.
"I found it. It happened beyond Barlot's limits of
thought."
The decisive strike ended in futility, and the match was a close
call.
'Unbelievable.'
While blocking magic from all directions could be intense...
"Bang! Bang, bang!"
Sometimes, seeing the face of an opponent made it hard to believe this
was reality.
The students understood, but to the Ten Mages of the Ivory Tower,
emotions could not become variables.
"Let me show you how an adult does it."
As he extended his hand beyond his robe, the gem embedded on the back of
his glove radiated light.
"Essence of the spirit."
The Ten Mages of the Ivory Tower possessed ten out of the seventeen that
existed in the world.
"Awakening of the Earth."
Krrrrrrr!
The ground trembled, and from all directions, the earth rose like waves,
surging toward Wizard.
Lampa's expression hardened for the first time.
'This is dangerous!'
The form that integrated all possibilities of the earth element
resembled a disaster.
"Huh? What?"
The dome of earth that had trapped Wizard quickly shrank like a
deflating balloon.
"Oh no..."
Just as Lampa was about to intervene, thousands of small droplets burst
from the surface of the dome.
"Huh?"
And the next moment, with a tremendous roar, the earth exploded into
pieces.
"Yaaah!"
Visible convection currents swirled around the now visible
Wizard.
Shirone said,
"Technique isn't everything. Elements, willpower, even the laws of
nature...
...can be created with creative thinking.
"I will win!"
Her desire manifested synesthetically, breaking norms with dozens of
hybrid spells that rushed forth.
"Damn! What is that?"
Heat, gravity, fluid dynamics, elasticity, electromagnetism, hardness,
friction—numerous elements were used in forms never seen before.
'It's marvelous.'
The thrill of breaking the limits of thought was a thousand times more
intense than the worry of death.
As the flash took him away, the hybrid spells exploded on the
ground.
Koooooom!
Dust rose, and Barlot, grabbed by Lampa, landed next to the
group.
"Where's Wizard?"
She emerged from the smoke, ran up to Barlot, and started shaking her
hips.
"Yay! I won, I won!"
The teachers tried to intervene, but she was too angry this time to
stop.
"Idiot. Idiot. Phoo, phoo!"
"Wizard, stop it. This is worse than usual."
Barlot stood up.
"No, I lost."
It was a fact known to everyone there, but hearing it from the party
himself was shocking.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Lampa. It seems supervising Wizard is beyond my
capabilities."
"No need for that. I'm surprised too. Anyway, the situation has
become awkward."
Turning around, he saw the shoulder of an official facing the tree,
shaking.
'This is huge.'
Adrenaline was suffocating.
'A seven-year-old beat a star. Going to the Holy War for the Stang
Kingdom isn't a dream. Ivory Tower or not, I must have her. Her parents are just dumb farmers, better I
pay and adopt her...'
Peering into what was obviously in everyone's minds, Lampa sighed and
turned back.
'Should have brought her here three years ago.'
At that time, the principled bureaucrats of the Ivory Tower's internal
government prolonged the issue.
Of course, the final decision to make Shirone a star of the fourth order
was once again right...
'People need to be flexible. What's it to them if two are chosen?
Obsessed with Karr...'
It was unavoidable to feel regret.
"It can't be helped."
Shirone comforted Lampa by patting his back and approached where Wizard
was.
"You really are good at magic, Wizard."
"Yeah! Much better than you."
Wizard, still bearing some resentment, craned her neck, not even
reaching Shirone's waist.
"Wow, really? Then how about one last challenge with
me?"
The moment the stars of the Ivory Tower turned their heads, the
dedicated teacher objected.
"Enough already! Just because the child threw some dirt, does that
warrant such relentless torment? Her abilities were proven in the last duel."
"Of course. I'm sorry. But there are reasons. This isn't good for
Wizard either."
"What do you mean..."
Lampa cut him off.
"If Shirone decides to proceed, I can't stop him. However, I don't
think I can be the judge."
"That's okay. I can control it."
The teacher frowned.
"What are you talking about? Even the stars of the Ivory Tower
couldn't win, how can you... Huh? Shirone?" A face unknown, but a name known to anyone in the magic
community.
"What! Shirone!"
Amid the murmuring, Lampa spoke.
"Sorry for not clarifying earlier, but can we trust Wizard with us
one more time? There won't be any danger. We've already got the king's approval."
Receiving a glance from the official who squinted one eye and
nodded,
'Really? Is this person really Shirone?'
The Infinite Magician, one of the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower, the
Yahweh of the Era, many titles flashed by.
"Huh? Strong."
Turning at the voice, Wizard looked curiously at Shirone.
"Brother, you suddenly got stronger."