Chapter 1017:
Underwater Work (1)
The Ten Kingdoms of the Archipelago.
Among the ten kingdoms of 'Cartesia,' Dionas was an island located at
the far eastern end.
"The earthquake caused by Gamagin occurred in the fourth island, the
Kingdom of Mitoa. Thanks to the other islands acting as breakwaters, Dionas suffered the least damage
from the tsunami."
The captain, listening to Shirone's explanation, bit his pipe.
"Hmm, will it be alright? I know it's not the time to consider
circumstances for flood victims, but the rumors are quite bad."
Although tied to 'Cartesia,' the Kingdom of Dionas was originally a
place of exile for criminals.
The sea dragon Kaos spoke.
"The dynasty was established 120 years ago by pirates. And even now, the
main source of national income is maritime plunder, making it a rather unsavory society."
"It can't be helped. Until we eradicate the demon world, people need a
safe place to stay."
Shirone left the captain's cabin.
Looking back from the top of the large ship, a spectacular view of
numerous ships lined up unfolded.
'About three hundred ships.'
These were evacuation ships gathered by Kaos, with a total of 20,000
passengers.
Shirone organized the fleet according to the types and sizes of ships
and assigned roles to each person.
Poine approached from the side.
"Can we say it's smooth sailing so far? Of course, incidents and
accidents happen every day…"
From food fights to trivial disputes over sleeping areas, there was
never a day without commotion.
"Shouldn't we strengthen law enforcement? Reducing daily meals by half
won't completely control people's emotions."
"If we increase pressure too much, people might lose their composure.
It's better to think of minor commotions as lubrication."
"Well, that's true…"
Poine looked at a sailing ship flying Arachne's flag on the left.
"With that flag flying around, it's natural for people to feel deprived,
isn't it?"
It was a ship carrying Arachne's minister, and all the workers were
armed soldiers.
"It can't be helped. Arachne represents Cartesia. If they help, it will
be much easier for flood victims to settle in Dionas."
Of course, there was another reason behind it.
'They didn't volunteer to lead just for that reason. Their goal is
probably to prepare for the upcoming Holy War reorganization. They want to lay the groundwork before
fighting against world powers.'
Since politics and human rights are inseparable, it would be reasonable
to watch for now.
"Leave the flag alone. There's no need to escalate things unless they
claim extraterritoriality."
Poine's eyes narrowed.
"Haha, with Messiah here, no one would dare do something so foolish.
However, some fleet captains have raised objections about refusing an inventory check of warehouse
goods. They suspect food is being siphoned off."
That might be true, but there must be another reason for not opening the
warehouse.
"We have enough food. Make a conditional agreement that we'll conduct an
inventory check if supplies run low."
"Understood."
As Poine bowed and stepped back, Kaos pointed below deck.
"Messiah, over there…"
A small fast boat was quickly approaching from Arachne's sailing
ship.
Confirming the messenger flag, Shirone took his apostles and jumped
straight down to the first deck.
Knights in armor ignored ladders and leaped through the air one by
one.
"What's going on?"
Passengers who were not friendly towards Arachne's sailing ship frowned
at that moment.
"Oh my."
A woman who climbed up using a ladder drew everyone's attention.
"Who is she?"
She was a beauty and a famous person recognizable even to non-Arachne
citizens.
"Barho Langi?"
Miss Arachne.
Even Shirone, who had met her at an international beauty pageant, stared
blankly at her.
"Hello. Nice to meet you."
She greeted people with familiar eye contact as she crossed the deck
with her escorts.
"Shirone!"
Langi's face lit up with joy.
"You're really on this ship? When I heard rumors, I couldn't believe it.
Oh, what a coincidence."
"How did you get here?"
There was no reason for Miss Arachne to accompany a refugee support
mission.
"Well…"
Langi hesitated for a moment before sticking out her tongue.
"I volunteered because I knew you were on this ship. There might not be
another chance in the future."
Her last words carried significant meaning.
In the capital of Thormia, some of the demonic hordes heading south
settled down.
They were the 7th Brigade of the 8th Legion.
"Here's today's spoils."
What they brought back from raiding villages was mostly neither food nor
treasure but humans themselves.
Men, women, and children alike were dragged in line and became
playthings for the demons before being consumed.
The horrific screams that echoed every night had even driven the animals
away from the sinister mountains.
"…Now we can finally live a bit."
Gustav the Fourth was imprisoned in a special bone jail set up
there.
Though almost healed from the fatal wounds he received at the 'Flower
Garden,' the problem was his mental shock.
"Harvitz... Harvitz..."
Zetaro muttered with a vacant expression.
"He betrayed us. Why? Why?" Balkan had told him everything
about the incident, but he still couldn't believe it.
Smodo said,
"Stop it already. How many days has it been? And is Harvitz your
husband? What betrayal..."
Picking at maggots, he cracked one with his front teeth and swallowed it
before continuing,
"We just need to live doing what we want, right? Seems like he
found something more interesting."
That was exactly why Zetaro was irritated.
"I'm the best entertainer there is. Do you know how many humans
I've killed? What could possibly be more interesting?"
Smodo shrugged.
"I don't know. Maybe he discovered some new form of torture?
Something beyond our imagination."
It wasn't entirely wrong.
Balkan, listening in from a corner of the bone jail, assessed the
situation outside.
'My injuries are almost healed. It's not entirely impossible to escape,
but...'
What else did they have left?
'It's typical for us to kill plenty and enjoy plenty. Seems like Harvitz
left because he got bored too.'
Footsteps were heard.
"Hey! Time to eat!"
Having chewed on nothing but maggots all day, his stomach churned just
hearing the sound.
"Let's eat. What's on the menu today?"
Demons over three meters tall approached, leading Natasha, who was
chained by the neck.
"Heh, guess what it is?"
The food pushed through the bars looked like pig's feet and smelled
rancid.
Natasha asked,
"How's your wound?"
"Much better. And you?"
Scars and chain marks, playfully etched on Natasha's skin covered by a
ragged cloak, were visible.
She seemed to be constantly tortured by the demons day and night, but
she showed no sign of hardship.
"It's fine. Eat up. It's not human flesh."
The demon yanked the chain.
"Hey, hey! Stop with the unnecessary talk! Want to
die?"
Twelve blades sprung from the device around Natasha's neck, piercing her
skin.
Blood trickled down her collarbone.
'With just a little force, Natasha's neck would snap. But with her
speed...'
She could definitely overpower them.
Ultimately, it was because Balkan, Smodo, and Zetaro were being held
hostage that they endured.
Smodo spat out the meat.
"This tastes awful. Maggots are better. Natasha, got any other
meat?"
"It's rotten. I'll see what I can find."
The demon whipped the chain like a whip.
"Heh. Well, I've given you what you wanted, so come along. Today's
entertainment is going to be very fun."
Feeling the blades penetrate, Natasha raised her head slowly and stepped
back.
"Natasha, leave."
Balkan spoke.
"Just kill them all and leave. You can definitely do that. No need
to endure because of us."
As the demons' eyes widened, the bone jail glowed red-hot like molten
metal.
"You all... really want to die?" The jail, powered by Brigade
Leader Magasura's ability, was designed to explode in response to magic energy.
Smodo gnawed at the meat and said,
"Yeah, Natasha. Do what you want. Why should you be stuck here
because of us?"
The demons now looked tense.
"Shut up. I'll really kill you. Magasura won't blame
us."
The one who had originally ordered to keep Gustav the Fourth alive was
the 9th Legion Leader Paimon.
However, she had perished, becoming part of the demon realm.
Of course, the order wasn't invalidated, but its psychological binding
force was much weakened.
"Natasha, end it."
Knowing all this, Zetaro agreed with Balkan and Smodo.
"I'm bored too. Harvitz isn't here anymore, what's the point in
playing more? Let's just go back." The demon clutching the chain gritted its teeth.
"You...!"
As the blade sank deeper into Natasha's neck, bubbles formed in the
heated bone jail.
In a moment of crisis where one side could be annihilated...
"It's okay."
Natasha smiled at her friends.
"I'll go back for now. Rest up here. I'll bring fresher food next
time."
There was no special reaction.
Killing intent flashed in Zetaro's eyes, and Smodo's face, chewing on
the meat, became expressionless.
As Natasha walked back to the demons, the blades withdrew, and the bone
jail rapidly cooled.
As she walked away, Balkan asked,
"What are you thinking?"
"The same as you. I'm not thinking anything. Just surviving because
I can hold on a bit longer."
"Is there anything you can't endure?"
Natasha was like a doll.
Bitten, torn, burned, or even when her stuffing was pulled out, she
still smiled.
Leaving the question unanswered, Natasha was dragged away by the demons.
Smodo threw a bone.
"Ah, crap. It tastes terrible. She's strange. She seems a bit
different from us."
"Exactly."
Zetaro, shocked, tremblingly dropped the meat.
"I found it. I really found something interesting. Harvitz must
have wanted to feel this."
"What are you talking about?" Zetaro snapped his head.
"Harvitz abandoned us, right? How interesting is that? Must have
been thrilling."
Smodo blinked.
"Yeah, right. Balkan didn't expect it either. He really knows how
to play."
"This time, we'll play. We'll kill Harvitz. Capture him, cut off
his limbs, mock him... Hehehe!"
The mere thought seemed thrilling, and Zetaro knelt, spreading his
arms.
"In the end, I'll slowly slit his throat with a scalpel while
looking him in the eye. Then Harvitz will... Harvitz will..." His eyelids fluttered.
"How much fun would that be?"
The ultimate ecstasy that a human could experience.
"Imagine it. He wants to fight back but can't because his limbs are
cut off. How funny would that be? It's a masterpiece. Surely it will make him cry his eyes
out."
"Hmm."
Balkan finally showed interest, and a smile spread across Smodo's
face.
"We can't end it like this. Harvitz will tell me again. He'll say
this to me."
Zetaro lowered his arms, choked up.
"Indeed… Zetaro is the best."
"Hehe, yes. Well, I'm not Harvitz, but surely the game you created
is the best. This time it will really be fun."
Smodo stood up.
"Then, we play more?"
The three simultaneously looked outside the bone jail.
"Harvitz, the sunset."