Chapter 1027:
The Circulating World (3)
The remaining five instinctively realized the extent of Shagal's rapid
killing skills.
"Get ready."
They scattered around Ethella, each drawing their weapons and radiating
a deadly intent.
"We are the same kind."
"The same kind?"
Shagal's eyebrows twitched.
He did not consider himself superior to them, but even in killing, there
were levels of skill.
"I don't mix with anyone. Put away that creepy talk and just come
at me if you want to die."
"We used to think that way too." A pot-bellied man without any
hair on his head wound a steel cable around his palm as he approached.
"You might not know which era you're from, but this is hell. Here,
people like us are law-abiding citizens. If you're just going to stand on your pathetic pride, you'll
receive the baptism of the black monk."
"Black monk?"
The pot-bellied man laughed.
"Clearly, you know nothing. Let me teach you slowly about the
horrors of hell. Have you ever heard of the strangler Edron?" Shagal remained indifferent, but
Ethella looked at the man in shock.
'Strangler Edron. A murderer who strangled 109 people to death brutally
180 years ago.'
Edron tightened the steel cable.
"It doesn't matter what it is. If it breathes, I can strangle it.
Humans are the most fun. Their tongues stick out long, their eyes roll back. Their legs kick as they try
to survive—it drives me crazy."
According to Ethella's memory, he had been imprisoned and hanged himself
on the 44th day.
"Human Cutter Averio."
A man with severe buck teeth manipulated a large cutter like scissors
and said,
"I killed 287 people. My hobby is disassembling. Engineering,
biological functions—I once disassembled a human into 3,287 parts. That's my personal best. Might break
that record today. Just so you know…"
His lips curled up wickedly.
"You don't die easily in hell." The two murderers Shagal had
stabbed were still writhing.
"Clearly, we need information." Ethella didn't want to help
but felt bad being caught unaware.
"I'll give you a chance. Those who want to live, raise your hand.
Just one, I'll spare one who can give me information."
"Heh, knew it."
A weasel-like man took out a scythe and crouched like a rat.
"Wherever you scraped by, senior treatment here is really messed
up. Unfortunate for you. I'll cut off your limbs and box them up. You won't even meet the black
monk."
"Senior."
As Shagal was surrounded by a mirage, numerous knives fell like
hail.
"Come at me." The murderers were cautious of the inexplicable
phenomenon, but retreat in hell meant eternal downfall.
"It's a joint attack."
As soon as he finished speaking, five murderers charged at
Shagal.
The air trembled, and dozens of quick-blades moved as if alive.
Before Ethella could intervene, two murderers were downed, blades
embedded throughout their bodies.
"Aaaaah! The blood, the blood!"
As all the blood spurted out, Shagal's face was again covered in
blood.
"Got you! Now!"
The heavy Edron rolled agilely and caught Shagal's ankle with a steel
cable.
Shagal didn't even look.
"That's old-fashioned."
With a flick of his wrist holding the dagger, the quick-blade's shells
repeatedly embedded themselves in Edron's back.
"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!" As blood spouted like a fountain, Averio
opened his cutter wide and advanced.
"I'll start cutting from there!"
The cutter moved towards the groin and snapped shut with the leverage of
a lever.
Averio's eyes flickered with confusion.
"Why is it so tough?"
Shagal, crouched low, had inserted the quick-blade horizontally between
the blades of the cutter.
"Hmph! Even so!"
As he was about to crush even the iron, Shagal twisted his wrist 90
degrees and raised the dagger.
"Aaaaah! My, my face!"
The blade slashed across the jaw, and Shagal skillfully hacked him
up.
Blades embedded in every vital point, Averio couldn't even fall as his
body shook.
"What? What? Aaaaah!"
Suddenly, his eyes bulged and he burst like a balloon, spewing blood in
all directions.
"Senior? Just an old-fashioned style."
As Shagal turned his blood-soaked body, the face of the man holding the
sickle scythe paled.
"He's a monster. What the heck is that?"
A murderer who terrorized an entire city was supposed to be
skillful.
"That guy isn't just any criminal. He's at a national, perhaps even
kingdom-level. Maybe even..."
Worldwide pursuit seemed plausible.
"I don't understand. How could such a murderer be chained by fate's
chains?"
Wouldn't such a murderer belong in blade hell or cauldron hell?
"Is that woman that important then?"
As Shagal approached, the sickle man aimed his weapon at Ethella.
"Stop! Come any closer, and I kill the woman." Shagal stopped,
but his concern for Ethella was non-existent.
"Kill her. If you can."
"I'm not joking! I'll really kill her! If this woman dies, you
won't be safe either!"
"Then kill her. I don't care."
"You...!"
As the sickle man turned quickly, Ethella leaped forward.
"Ugh!"
A flurry of punches from the Yin-Yang Wave struck the man's stomach,
spilling blood.
"Ugh!"
Clutching his painful stomach, the man groaned as Shagal stepped on his
back.
"Start talking. Tell me everything you know if you don't want to
end up like those seniors."
"Ow... Ow..."
The man could only nod repeatedly.
"Hmm, black monk."
Having gained much information from the sickle man, Shagal and Ethella
looked serious.
"Let's summarize."
Ethella spoke.
"There's an agency called the Hell Fire Management Corporation that
manages hell. Humans who fall here are purified by hell fire and reborn as new demons."
Shagal shared the information he needed.
"Purified demons can be killed. But those like these guys who
haven't entered the hell fire, meaning escapees, aren't considered dead even if killed." Seeing
Averio writhe as if purification might be better,
"Yes. And the entity that captures these escapees and purifies them
is called the Black Monk (Black Chain). Perhaps they are akin to a Grim Reaper?"
Shagal asked the man, "Hey, have you actually seen a 'Black Monk'
before?"
The man, now much more battered than before, opened his mouth with a
terrified expression, "Yes, I haven't been caught myself, but I've seen escapees being captured.
They are dreadful beings, filled with a dark and damp aura. We need to move quickly. The Black Monks
might come here."
"What do they look like?"
"So, they're dark and damp in aura..."
As Shagal silently raised his quick-blade, the man made a face as if
wronged, "Really. I don't even dare go near them to know exactly what they look like. When you see
a Black Monk, you just run the other way. Please believe me."
"Okay, moving on..."
There was a more pressing matter than the Black Monks.
"The Fire Management Company. You said they're watching us from the
karma management department?"
"That's what I've heard."
"Can they also respond if we ask how much time we have left to
serve our penance?"
"Yes, I've seen that myself. Well, heard it, I suppose. Anyway,
it's better not to hear it—it's an immense amount of time. One I saw was mad, randomly killing,
wandering around for 1,200 years. I don't know what's become of him now. Well, he probably hasn't been
purified yet. People who still have karma remaining, like us, can neither live nor die."
Shagal turned to look at Ethella, "How about you try? How much time
do we have left together?"
Desperate people dig wells, so Ethella looked up to the sky, hoping for
a bearable amount of time.
"Are you watching us now? How much time do we have left until our
duties are complete?"
"Time remaining until purification is..." a bureaucratic voice
came from the sky.
"87 epochs, 2,875 eras, 3,241 trillion, 6,442 billion, 890 million,
7,109 hours remain."
As no one spoke, the man with the sickle scythe murmured with a dazed
expression, "What, what? What kind of time is that?"
Even though it wasn't his own karma, the time was so despairingly vast
it brought him to tears.
Ethella collapsed to her knees, "This can't be. How can such a time
even be possible? What have I done to deserve this?"
The Informer spoke, "For your reference, your purification time is
the seventh longest in the history of the underworld."
Lucifer held the record.
"Thank you for your intense emotions, and rest assured, the karma
you've sent will be put to good use. Always striving, this is Informer Leona from the Fire Management
Company."
Shagal chuckled, "Haha, interesting. Take it slow then. We've got
an eternity to spend together, right?"
As Ethella was stunned, the man with the sickle looked at them and
asked, "What on earth did you two do?"
Tormia Royal Castle
Shirone, who was serving as the headquarters for simultaneous events,
closed his book and rubbed the bridge of his nose.
'The outside world.'
Among the many events happening around the world, this was particularly
shocking.
'OOPArts exist in material form. But when used, even humans become
objects. They were never meant for human use.'
The high-dimensional nature of the outside world was palpable.
'The problem is Ymir's mind. It's still not connected. I don't know
what's happening.'
The object "Zhuangzi's Butterfly" had clearly combined
Shirone's information with signals from the outside world.
'In other words, the realm has changed. If that's the difference from
the Gyorgi's Taiji or the Maika ruins…'
The likelihood was high that all answers lay with Shirone, who was
fighting within Ymir's mind.
At that moment, there was a knock on the door.
"Shirone."
Opening the door to the familiar voice, he saw Zulu, still pale,
standing there.
"Zulu, are you okay to be up?"
Having suffered a critical injury from Ymir's attack, she had only
regained consciousness three days ago.
"I'm recovering quickly. Still not ready for battle, but I wanted to
hear what's been happening."
"Please, come in."
Handing her a warm cup of tea, Shirone sat down with Zulu and recounted
the recent events.
Listening calmly to the many incidents, she raised her head at the
mention of OOPArts.
"An ultra-ancient civilization, huh. You think it's connected to the
outside world?"
"Yes. I'm not certain. The Maika ruins are completely scattered, and the
quantum signals I understood have changed, so they don't overlap."
"Hmm."
After sipping her tea, Zulu spoke.
"Shirone, would you like to go somewhere with me?"
"Of course, simultaneous events are always possible, but… you're still
recovering."
"The Middle East, to Paras."
"Paras? Are you visiting your hometown?"
Setting down her teacup, Zulu conveyed her meaning precisely in her
native language.
"There is an ultra-ancient civilization there."