Chapter 1032:
Black Chains (4)
The crater where Son Yoo-jung had crashed was littered with mangled
corpses, torn flesh strewn everywhere.
"Hi-Hiiik!"
With each swing of the crimson club, severed arms and legs flew into the
air.
"What are these things?"
Son Yoo-jung, having defeated all the heinous criminals of hell, tilted
her head in confusion as she surveyed her surroundings.
"Ugh… Please, please stop…"
The grotesque remains of what once resembled human forms squirmed and
crawled across the ground.
"Why aren't you guys dying?"
Richela, now reduced to only a face, screamed in despair over the grim
future that lay ahead.
"We can't die!"
Son Yoo-jung grabbed Richela's hair, lifting his face up to meet her
gaze.
"Why can't you die?"
Speaking calmly to a disembodied head, Richela finally realized
something.
'She's not normal. She's completely insane.'
For those who had escaped purification, the worst possible fate was
having their heads smashed in.
It wasn't confirmed, but rumor had it that if that happened, it would
feel like being buried alive forever.
"Please stop. Just leave us alone. I'm begging you."
"I asked why you can't die," Son Yoo-jung repeated.
After Richela explained everything he knew, Son Yoo-jung nodded.
"Hmph, purification, huh?"
She ran her fingers over the broken collar-like object, the cursed chain
around her neck.
Grabbing the curled edge that spiraled upward, she tugged at it with all
her might, but it didn't budge.
"Damn it."
From past experience, she knew that even if she destroyed her body, she
wouldn't be able to remove it.
'Why did that damn Buddha do this? There's no Buddha here in
hell.'
Only someone who had attained a high level of spiritual enlightenment
could shrink the chain through a special incantation.Even for the stone ape incarnation, Son
Yoo-jung, the chain could easily crush her neck.
"I hate this."
Though it seemed unlikely that a monk would be present in a place
swarming with wicked souls, the thought still bothered her.
"Huh?"
Snapping out of her thoughts, Son Yoo-jung noticed Richela staring at
her.
"What are you looking at?"
"Well, uh… You have a nice figure."
Son Yoo-jung burst out laughing.
"Even with just a head left, that's what you're thinking? You're
hilarious. Back where I came from, there were ghostly creatures that floated around with just their
heads. I didn't expect to meet one of them here."
Richela thought to himself.
'… You're the one who made me like this.'
Regardless, the thought of rolling around as just a head made his vision
go dark with despair.
'I'd rather be purified than live like this.'
Just as that thought crossed his mind, a roaring wind carried the sound
of burning flames from the distant sky.
"Huh?"
As Son Yoo-jung looked up, she saw something creeping through the air
like black smoke.
"B-Black Chains!"
At Richela's shout, the remaining criminals, still clinging to some
semblance of their faces, began writhing in panic.
"They're here! Over here!"
Since they were doomed to crawl here for eternity anyway, they figured
they might as well take Son Yoo-jung down with them.
Richela screamed at them.
"You idiots! Why are you calling the Black Chains?!"
"Shut up! Do you think cozying up to that woman will change your fate?
We're all doomed together!"
Everyone began shouting in unison.
"You're finished too! You'll be buried in the Wailing Wall and suffer
forever! Hahaha… Aaargh!"
In that instant, the Black Chains entered the crater and swiftly
collected the bodies.
"My body! My body!"
Tears streamed down Richela's face, though he felt fortunate just to
have kept his head.
Three Black Chains hovered before Son Yoo-jung, exuding a heavy and
oppressive aura.
"Living corpses?"
One of the captured criminals shouted.
"Capture that woman too! She's incredibly fast! Grab her before she
escapes—ugh!"
The clanking of chains grew louder as the binding tightened, cutting off
his consciousness.
The thought that he could've ended up like them made Richela shiver in
fear.
"Uh, maybe we should run? Those guys are really dangerous. I've never
seen them myself, but…"
Even the most deranged of the senior criminals would tremble in fear at
the mere mention of the Black Chains.
Son Yoo-jung's eyes burned with a golden light.
"Who are you?"
Even with her golden eyes that could perceive truth, she couldn't fully
grasp what the Black Chains were.
Perhaps it was because they were the truth itself.
"… Are you Buddha's servants?"
Upon spotting the cursed collar around her neck, the Black Chains
realized why she lacked a karma chain.
"There must be a reason you were sent here. We won't question
it."
The difference between Yahweh and Buddha was evident even in how the
Black Chains addressed her.
"But the thing you hold in your hand belongs to this hell. Hand it
over."
Terrified, Richela protested with all his might.
"No! Don't listen to them! They treat people like objects!"
The Black Chains spoke.
"Most humans who enter this world eventually accept their fate and allow
themselves to be purified. But those addicted to pleasure cannot forget its taste and reject
purification."
Their worldly attachments were too strong.
"Such people live by ignoring the rules of your world as well. They
oppose Buddha's will. Handing them over to us is the right thing to do."
"No."
What the Black Chains didn't know was that Son Yoo-jung's nature leaned
heavily toward chaos.
"I claimed this one first. It's a fun toy. I won't give it to
you."
Though her words echoed the objectification they had criticized, Richela
nodded vigorously with all the strength he could muster.
"… I see."
Realizing Buddha's true intentions, the Black Chains dissolved into
smoke, filling the sky.
—You, who seek truth in hell, will never achieve the karma of saving
others, no matter what you realize.
"I told you, I'm not interested."
Son Yoo-jung retorted, but the Black Chains merely disappeared into a
black vortex in the distance.
Richela trembled at the miraculous outcome.
"They… they're gone."
According to his seniors, no human had ever escaped unscathed after
encountering the Black Chains.
"So, what now…"
Richela's vision spun as Son Yoo-jung grabbed him again.
"Now, what should I do with you?"
Her mischievous grin filled him with renewed dread.
"P-please spare me! No, better yet, throw me into the hellfire! Just end
it already!"
"That sounds like a hassle. More importantly, I want to get rid of this
thing. Know anything about it?"
Son Yoo-jung scratched at the cursed collar, causing Richela's head to
spin faster than ever before.
"I-I don't know exactly, but maybe you could find help in
Laviette?"
"Laviette?"
"I heard that hell has many strange artifacts, and most of them are
produced there. Perhaps one of their experts could…"
His confidence wavered.
"Maybe they can remove it… hopefully?"
"Hmph. Well, let's head there. If things work out, I might grant your
wish too."
With that, she plucked a strand of hair and flung it into the air,
creating a shimmering thread of light.
Though it resembled Shirone's materialization magic, it was simply
another benefit of her lineage.
In an instant, Son Yoo-jung was fully clothed. Richela blinked in
confusion.
"Was that… magic?"
"Something like that. Wearing clothes is annoying, but walking around
naked causes even more trouble."
Noticing the blood dripping from Richela's severed neck, Son Yoo-jung
tightened her left hand.
"You need a little fixing too."
"Huh? N-no, I'm fine—"
Before he could finish, her molten-hot left hand seared the stump of his
neck.
"Kraaaah! Aaaaah!"
The unexpected pain made Richela's eyes bulge, and his jaw gaped
wide.
The smell of burning flesh filled the air. Just before he lost
consciousness, Yoo-jung finally pulled her hand away.
"There, much cleaner."
"Sniff… Sniff…" Tears streamed down Richela's face as he despaired over
becoming a complete, single-headed entity.
"It's annoying to carry you around."
She created a sharp-capped chain, stabbed it into his neck, and wrapped
it tightly around her waist so that he hung at her side.
"All done! Now, let's head out. Which way?"
As he dangled upside down, Richela pondered what sins he must have
committed in his past life to deserve this.
'I'll endure it… until purification.'
Recalling the stories told by his seniors, Richela glanced around and
spoke.
"If we can get to higher ground, you'll see that this region is the
skeleton of a giant. If you head toward where the skull is, that's where Laviette is supposed to
be."
"Aha!"
With a powerful crouch, Yoo-jung launched herself into the air, quickly
leaving the ground far below.
"Waaaaah!"
As Richela's vision spun wildly, he saw the vast skeleton stretching all
the way to the horizon.
The City of Magical Engineering, Laviette
Rian couldn't find any common features among the demons wandering the
streets.
"As human emotions vary, so do the forms of demons. While there are
distinct species like ogres and succubi, the range of forms is quite broad," Shirone
explained.
"Humans, based on their genes, consider even an extra finger a
mutation. But demons don't have mutations. Once a species is separated by the nature of magic, they are
born randomly. So, some demons are monstrous..."
"Graaaah!"
A demon with a monstrous face passed by, baring its teeth at
Shirone.
"...and some possess beauty that seems unreal."
A beautiful woman walking from the opposite direction winked at
Shirone.
"What are you up to?"
In the next moment, a demon selling goods on the street knocked her down
and stomped on her.
"Spit! Seems like she's lost her mind."
Feeling the gaze of a demon stabbing from behind, Shirone awkwardly
smiled and continued.
"That doesn't mean they're necessarily popular. It's a world where
form isn't that important."
"...I see."
Rian couldn't understand the language of the residents, but he could
guess what kind of society it was.
"Shirone, I have a real question."
Rian examined the numerous structures that made up the city, rather than
the demons.
"How are you looking at this with a sane mind?"
From the city gates, it was clear that all the structures somehow used
humans.
"That's right."
Shirone was calm.
"It would be a lie to say it's not disgusting. But I've experienced
it countless times while accepting Omega."
The time spent wandering was long.
"Hey, Yahweh!"
A voice came from a stall selling furniture.
"How about buying this? I just got something you'd
like."
It was in the shape of a person lying down, with its insides hollowed
out like a filleted fish.
"Huff! Huff!"
As the demon tapped on the side, the face attached to it
breathed.
"It's a whole piece, a whole piece. It's processed as a complete
product. It doesn't rot easily because it keeps breathing."
In reality, it was like a piece of furniture carved from a whole log,
not assembled.
"How about it? Want to buy one? I'll give you a good price.
Huh?"
Though the demon's mouth was smiling, the hostility in its eyes was like
facing an enemy.
That was enough for Rian.
"I'll make it quietly."
As he gripped the handle of his large sword and turned to the merchant,
Shirone stopped him.
"It's okay. Though he talks like that, he won't attack me. It's
just provocation."
The demon bared its fangs and spat out.
"Die! Yahweh!"
Spitting and growling, the veins in Rian's neck bulged.
"But it's still infuriating."
"I'm the being demons hate the most. If you get this excited, you
can't stay in the city."
Wanting to let Shirone rest for even a day, Rian calmed his anger.
Shirone pointed to a restaurant sign.
"By the way, aren't you hungry? Let's eat something first. We need
to find out where the duke lives."
"I'm a bit peckish, but..."
He was starving to the point of madness.
"Haha, then let's try that restaurant. It's my first time going in
too, but it should be edible."
Rian looked up at the sign.
Something was written in the demon's language, and a human arm was
hanging, gesturing.
I hope it is.