Chapter 1120:
Depths of the Abyss (4)
Gaold asked, "Is there any chance Miro will regain her
memories?"
"There is," Monga replied, looking towards the beach.
Miro, with Arius, was talking to Shirone.
"If her lost memories manifested as a child, we could wait until
she grows up. I think it might take about 30 years."
"30 years."
In the dream, Gaold could wait as long as needed.
'I don't know. What's the right thing to do?' Since there was no way
out, he had plenty of time to think.
"Brother. Brother."
Miro waved her hand in front of Shirone's eyes.
"Say something. Is watching the sea that interesting?"
Gaold and the others watched.
"Master…" Monga's face was filled with sadness.
"He did so much in reality. Nothing was easy. He sacrificed
everything and fought for humanity."
Sein said, "Now he's doing nothing."
"Yes. Usually, the most earnest desires are fulfilled within the
dream barrier, but Yahweh's dream is quite dry. It's proof of how intense reality was."
Monga's shoulders slumped.
"It's a pity. This place is like level 1.5 of the abyss. Just a bit
further, and we could have reached Ymir. He had the ability."
Shirone's strike against Leviathan in the second layer had been conveyed
to Monga.
'He definitely surpassed infinity. In a normal state, he might have been
able to defeat Ymir.'
Of course, since this was Ymir's dream, nothing could be said with 100%
certainty.
"Hey, he's not saying anything."
As Shirone remained silent, Miro sat next to him.
Seeing Arius sniffing Shirone, Gangnan asked, "Why is he a dog? He
was a person in the dream."
"He lost his reason. It's a good judgment. If memories are melted
away, he focuses on instinct. That dog probably senses where we are. Not in clear human language, but
instinctively."
As Miro drew in the sand, only the waves endlessly crashed.
"…waiting."
Hearing the voice beside her, Miro turned her head.
"What?"
"Waiting."
For the first time, Shirone spoke, and Gaold's group hurried
over.
"Master! Are you conscious?"
Monga asked, but silence followed.
"What are you waiting for?"
In response to Miro's question, Shirone pointed to the endless horizon
over the sea.
"Something huge."
And probably…
"The most powerful thing in this world."
Monga looked at the sea in shock.
"Ah…"
An unexpected variable was that they were near the end of the
abyss.
"Ymir is coming."
The next morning.
Unlike the busy workers, the officials arrived later than the previous
day.
"Ugh, my stomach hurts."
Since the incident where people's positions changed in the banquet hall,
the schedules of various countries had been disrupted.
Most countries held emergency meetings to understand what had
happened.
However, some leaders enjoyed the festivities provided by
Arachne.
'Last night was amazing.'
Countries that didn't attend had no idea what was discussed in the
pleasure spots.
Nations were tense.
"Arachne seems to be focusing on Jive."
Lupist, hearing the report from his aide, drew arrows on the
relationship chart on the blackboard.
"I heard the banquet lasted until dawn. There must have been some
deals. From today, sides will be drawn."
Albino asked, "How was the hospitality?"
"I didn't go."
Lupist turned around.
"I was analyzing the incident in the banquet hall. But some Tormian
officials attended. They said there was no special information exchange…"
"VIPs are different."
At Plu's words, Lupist nodded.
"To get their information, we need to send our people. But securing
allies comes first. There's a country trying to make contact."
Shirone asked, "Which one?"
"The Southern and Mun Kingdoms. The Southern is very interested in
Yahweh. Meanwhile, the Mun Kingdom has shifted from hostility to friendliness. Last night's incident
must have influenced them."
Lupist pointed to the blackboard.
"But this isn't enough to decide the outcome. Alliances can break
anytime. The country Tormia needs most now is Corona. The probability is quite high."
Corona is managed by the Ivory Tower, and Shirone holds the highest
authority there.
"There has been no contact yet. The factional strife within the
Ivory Tower must be severe."
"They arrived this morning."
Everyone turned to Shirone.
"I'll negotiate directly."
The Kingdom of Corona
Even after the Holy War began, the army led by the First Legion
Commander Baal did not cease its attacks.
The demons' motto was to surrender to Satan if they wanted to live, but
Corona was not weak either.
"Phew."
The snow piled on the plateau was stained with the blood of both demons
and humans, creating a repulsive color.
The man who had annihilated 3,000 demons had a cold expression and a
long scar running along his lips.
Thud. Thud.
He irregularly stabbed the bodies with a knife to check for signs of
life and then cut off a demon's arm.
Sitting on the corpse, he bit into the flesh.
The sound of chewing was followed by him sucking the blood from the
severed end.
It was a way to replenish both food and water.
"Ah, that's good."
The man's name was Laska.
He was a three-star resident of the Human Safety Enforcement Department,
where Minerva was one of the Five Great Stars.
The stars of the Human Safety Enforcement Department, except for the
Holy Brain, were all former notorious criminals.
They were experts in war and murder, and even demons shuddered at these
battlefield fiends.
"Captain."
Laska's aide, Staff, walked through the knee-deep snow.
"Big sister wants you to return to the base. You've been out too
long. We're running out of supplies."
Big sister referred to none other than Minerva.
"Supplies, huh."
Laska, chewing on the flesh, offered the severed arm to Staff.
"Want some?"
Staff, watching it closely, scratched his beard with a smirk.
"No thanks. You've already had a bite."
"…You're not normal either."
As they teleported down the mountain, Corona's soldiers were engaged in
skirmishes.
Minerva shouted.
"You idiot! Where have you been?"
"I was tracking the remnants. What's all this?"
Minerva's jet shot out at incredible speed, piercing through the
demons.
"Can't you see? Baal has started pressuring the Ivory Tower. We
can't hold out for more than three days."
The number of demons in the First Legion far surpassed the human
army.
Laska said.
"Let's make peace. What's the point of this? If we fight alongside
the Law Department, we can manage."
"That's why I called you." Minerva gestured behind her.
"Go. Shirone is here."
"The Great Star?"
Entering the tent, Laska found Shirone sitting there.
"Welcome, Great Star."
While all the stars respected Shirone, Laska's greeting felt somewhat
irreverent.
"Yes. I want to meet the Grand Star. Minerva said you could do it,
Laska."
'This woman…!'
Of course, with his ability, it was possible, but it would likely cost
him his life.
'How did I get involved with such a woman?'
Sighing, Laska said.
"Meeting the Grand Star is very difficult right now. She's
imprisoned within the law."
"Imprisoned?"
Shirone's eyes widened.
"Who could do that? How could anyone imprison the Grand
Star?"
"Sing."
Laska's expression darkened.
"With the combined power of Yin and Yang, Sing is invincible. She
enforces everything."
'The Grand Star is imprisoned.'
That was why the factional balance was so tense.
"Let's try anyway. I thought there was no solution as it is. Please
resolve this, Great Star."
Laska took Shirone to the Ivory Tower.
Due to the wartime state, they had to use different magic circles, and
security was tight.
'The atmosphere is bad.'
The Corona officials, who usually greeted them with smiles, were just
watching cautiously.
Reaching the 230th floor of the Ivory Tower, they found a steel door
with various magic circuits.
"The Grand Star is here?"
"Yes. As you can see, it's a self-destruct circuit. If you try to
break it by force, the Grand Star will be in danger."
Shirone frowned.
'Sing. She's decisive but not cruel. Why show such hostility to the
Grand Star?'
As Shirone activated Miracle Stream, Laska stopped him.
"Don't. The moment Hexa's power touches it, it's over. The only way
is to deactivate the magic circuits from inside."
Laska took a deep breath.
'The pinnacle of thievery, Stealth.'
With the ability that once robbed countless vaults worldwide, he became
immaterial while holding his breath.
'Impressive.'
Laska, now as hazy as smoke, walked towards the steel door with puffed
cheeks.
Like a lie, his form entered, and moments later, the circuits
disappeared.
"Phew."
As the door opened, Laska, emitting smoke from his entire body,
collapsed.
"Are you okay?"
"More or less. Even as immaterial, all I could do was avoid
triggering the self-destruct circuit. The mental shock is considerable."
His mind was shredded, and he wouldn't be able to move for a
while.
"Grand Star."
Passing Laska, Shirone approached the Grand Star, who was sitting neatly
at the end of the room.
"You finally came."
She smiled sadly but also had a welcoming light in her eyes.
"What happened? Sing imprisoning you is a rebellion."
"To explain…"
A cold voice interrupted.
"Stop, Shirone."
Turning around, Shirone saw Sing guarding the door with Yin and
Yang.
Shirone coldly spat out.
"Sing, what are you doing?"
"Don't be foolish. This is for you. For humanity."
"How is imprisoning the Grand Star for humanity? The Ivory Tower
has protected humanity through countless crises. The Grand Star is at the center of that."
"The situation is different now."
Sing looked at the Grand Star.
"When the outside world opens, Argones will activate. And the Grand
Star is a manager of the same level as Argones. Do you really think… she will protect you until the
end?"
When Shirone didn't answer, Sing asked the Grand Star.
"Grand Star, tell us yourself. After Argones activates, will you
still side with humanity?"
The Grand Star didn't hesitate.
"Yes. I am the avatar of the planet and the mother of humanity. I
will protect humanity until the end."
"Lies."
Sing said.
"I trust no one. In this world, only I am real. All other beings
are illusions. Therefore, Grand Star, you are the same."
"Sing, I know your philosophy. But you're wrong. You are
wrong."
"If you continue to lie…"
As Sing extended her hand, Yin and Yang pushed their power into her with
the law of Yin and Yang.
As the Ivory Tower shook, Shirone blocked with Miracle Stream.
"Stop. Don't do something you'll regret."
Sing shouted.
"You fool! Don't you understand? Do you know how much danger your
judgment could bring?"
Shirone's expression remained steady, and Xing finally decided to use
force.
"Forgive me."
Boom!
At that moment, a loud noise erupted from below the Ivory Tower, and
Araka from the Internal Affairs Department rushed in.
"There's trouble!"
The Grand Star asked.
"Araka, what's happening?"
"Baal! Baal has led the army of hell and entered. They're currently
up to the 12th floor."
Exhausted, Laska blew his bangs up.
'I knew this would happen.'