Chapter 1133:
Major Adjustments (1)
Marsha asked, "What do you mean by that?"
"The Apocalypse is where the final information of the future, based
on reality, accumulates. Of course, it's not a physical accumulation."
"Right. In an ordinary household, there might be items that are a
year old and others that are over 20 years old. Mining is about collecting the oldest relics to uncover
near-future information. Of course, sometimes actual mining is necessary…"
"Yes. In that sense, the fact that the building with the digital
line is Fairy Biomimetics is significant. In the Demon War, the elves sided with humans. The elf chief,
Enox, thinks of themselves as a failed race."
Only humans dream endlessly, desire endlessly, and fight
tirelessly.
"She knows that a race that cannot assimilate into human society
eventually becomes livestock."
The Huazoku are a prime example.
"Enox and the elves are still fighting. And this monument tells
their story."
"The fairies won."
It was not a good outcome for humans either.
"Why don't they appear? It's understandable that the giants don't
move because they obey Ymir's orders, but…"
"The same goes for the fairies. When Ikael stepped down from the
position of archangel, the focal point disappeared. But now it's clear what they are aiming
for."
Fairy Biomimetics Corporation.
"They want to become human." Biomimetics.
"Unlike the elves' agape… in a completely different
way."
The angels' cries were sorrowful.
"Oh, why is this happening… are they angels?"
They had lost their pure concept and their halo, and there was no
nobility left in them.
Only self-esteem that had fallen to the ground.
'Why are they grieving?'
Uriel looked up at the sky where Shirone had left.
'Just because we lost our concept doesn't mean we are no longer
ourselves. Then why?'
There was always a perfect standard.
Angels, born with their own concepts, have no conflict about their
actions.
'Even if they are fallen angels… the crimes committed within their
concept.'
'For angels, the halo was not just power or ability, but the standard of
existence.'
Without such a shock, it couldn't be called a fall in status.
'Then what about me?'
Uriel asked himself.
'Even if I lost my halo, even if I have no standard of existence, can I
still make a choice?'
He couldn't kill Ikael.
It was clear that the hesitation of the archangel of destruction in the
face of destruction was a matter of the heart.
'I defined myself by my own standards, not the standards of the
universe.'
The halo does not disappear.
"Oh, Uriel."
The angels gathered around the brilliant halo floating above Uriel's
head.
"What should we do now? Should we disappear? Or should we exist?
Where should we move these hands and feet?"
Uriel looked down at the angels' servile expressions.
'They've never done it before.'
The act of choosing something for themselves.
"Let's go."
Uriel turned his body.
'We can't go to the human world where Satiel was. They wouldn't be able
to endure it.'
In other words, they were like newborn children.
Taking them to humans, who deal with uncertainty, would lead to a
terrible outcome.
'Like predators.'
The angels followed weakly and asked, "Where are we
going?"
The archangel with the halo left for the sun, and humans became their
natural enemies.
"Crown."
He was the leader of the 72 ranks of fairies.
The giant ship created by Ashur's signal stretched out into the vast
space.
Shirone was in the captain's room.
'Rayel must have arrived.'
Ashur's ship was fast enough to reach the sun in a day, but the speed of
light was on a different level.
'Not speed, but concept. The unit of signals that make up the
universe.'
The mind is faster than the speed of light, but superluminal speed is
just nothingness between signals.
'Nothing is faster than light.'
Even at such speed, it took about 10 minutes to reach the sun.
Ashur came in.
"I'm sorry."
While he was recovering, Shirone was on guard outside, using all of
Signal's abilities.
"It's okay. Warp is impossible. If it weren't for you, we wouldn't
have even been able to try."
If there was even a hint of doubt in the mind, quantum phenomena would
not activate.
Even with Omega's experience, it was impossible to be sure this
time.
'No creature has ever entered the sun. No, even if there were, it would
be the same.'
It was an unknown beyond the control of the Great Star.
"Going in a straight line is the fastest, but subluminal speed has
many risks. I'll take a safe route."
"Yes, please."
When they went down to the passenger room, they saw Ikael and Amy
standing side by side in front of the window.
Ikael's expression was dark.
"Are you worried?"
She betrayed heaven for Shirone, but the angels were also precious to
her.
"Yes. But it will be okay. Uriel is still there. He will take good
care of them."
Amy asked, "You said it's the angels' homeland. What kind of place
is it? It's my first time going to the sun."
Feeling her consideration, Ikael smiled.
"It's a beautiful place. Of course, by human standards, it might be
a bit harsh."
"A bit?"
Shirone's eyes narrowed.
"Hehe. The light of the sun is a network that travels from one end
of the universe to the other. Without light, there is no sensation, and without that, there is no world
for humans either."
"Everything came from the sun."
"Yes. That is 'Ra.' And the being that controls all these suns is
Anke, the incarnation of the Akashic Records, the eternal and immortal Ra."
"If a creature born from Ra came to Amy's planet, it might find the
environment harsh. But for an angel like me, the sun is the most comforting and mentally relaxing
sanctuary."
"So angels can withstand the sun?"
"Of course not."
Ikael pouted her lips and glared.
Amy was at a loss for words at her girlish appearance, and Ikael
continued with a smile.
"Even a conceptual being like an angel cannot withstand the immense
energy of the sun."
That was why the Twelve Apostles could not come.
"But the halo does not disappear and is absorbed as it is. That's
why angels can go to the sun. In other words, you can think of the sun itself as a giant
halo."
It seemed to make sense.
"A collection of mental bodies. But can we humans withstand
it?"
Shirone spoke.
"We can defend with Miracle Stream, but that's probably the limit.
If Satiel responds hostilely, it could be dangerous."
"That's why Amy came with us."
Ikael said.
"If Amy, who has the incarnation of fire, is with us, she can
withstand the power of the sun. In terms of the law, it means there is no system conflict and they are
compatible."
"Do you really think so?"
Of course, she would have come whether she was confident or not, but the
opponent was none other than the sun.
'Walking on the sun?' Amy's eyes lost focus as she imagined it, and
Ikael patted her head.
"Hehe, don't worry. If it can affect the conceptual bodies of
angels, it means it is close to Ra's status. You can look forward to it. It's a really beautiful
place."
Amy turned to the window.
"The sun??????"
A star, sparkling like a gold coin at the end of the universe, was
waiting for them.
The sun is awe-inspiring. Seeing a fireball a hundred times the size of
a human planet from just a thousand meters away makes you realize how brilliant this world is.
The immense light would have blinded any eyes and melted any living
creature long ago.
"Surely the operation has changed."
The conceptual beings, the angels, accepted the pale world of heat as it
was.
Rayel transmitted his consciousness through the halo.
"Adjustments have been made throughout the universe. To build a few
pyramids on one planet."
The rate of change was so minute that no instrument could measure
it.
Adjustments made by delving into the half of a half, and then half of
that half.
The angels called the change in that area "feeling."
Satiel frowned.
"Even with an angel's senses, it's just a feeling of an extremely
small change. But since it has definitely changed…"
It's a major adjustment.
An explosion on the sun's surface sent a pillar of fire thousands of
kilometers high into space.
A spectacle of light.
The light born now will cause countless events across the universe as it
travels through the vacuum…
"Hmph."
There was no angelic authority in that light.
"I can't accept it. I'll bring the angels back. I'll change it from
the core."
"Can you do it? Even if all the archangels gather, it's a difficult
task. Moreover, even if you connect to Ra's core, to reverse this change…"
Amplification power is needed.
"Ikael."
The fact that nothing could be done without her fueled Satiel's
anger.
"We have no choice but to try. Now it's just the two of us left.
Angels with something called a heart… huh?"
Satiel looked at Rayel.
"But why do you still have your halo? Have you ever violated the
law?" There was no answer, and the triangular Mara Luna, hiding behind Rayel, glared.
'It's all because of you.'
When Satiel decided to become the archangel herself, the archangels left
her side.
Even if she screamed her lungs out, her voice did not move the
world.
'Rayel stopped walking.'
-I'm the archangel! I'll set everything right! I'll punish the traitor
Ikael!
Rayel, who had been listening to her cries all night, sighed and turned
away.
"Luna, let's go back."
"Rayel, Satiel does not have the authority to lead the archangels.
Why do you bow to her?"
-I'm the noblest! I'm the archangel!
"I've known her for a long time." Luna could never forget the
look on Rayel's face as he turned to Satiel at that moment.
"I can't leave her alone."
"Rayel…"
He made his own choice.
Satiel asked no more.
"Hmph. Well, whatever. With you here, it will be a bit easier.
Since you're the archangel of light."
"Yes. Let's go in."
As the two angels leaned towards the sun, Luna's face twisted in
pain.
"Ugh! Rayel…"
"Return to the subspace. This is our home. Mara cannot withstand
this place."
Even moving one meter forward seemed like it would melt her body.
"I refuse. I will follow."
Mara Luna of the moonlight, the goddess of madness. Her obsession with
Rayel was beyond imagination.
"Luna."
Rayel gently touched her beautiful face.
"I command you."
"Rayel, my master." Luna, with tears streaming down her face,
rubbed her cheek against his and then faded into the subspace.
Rayel turned back.
"Let's go."
As the two angels' conceptual bodies rushed towards the sun at
tremendous speed, they began to ignite.
"Ah."
Satiel felt infinite peace.
"Ra. My home."
The angels' bodies evaporated in an instant, and the two halos plunged
into the embrace of the sun.