Chapter 1134:
Major Adjustments (2)
Shirone, who was staring at the corridor where Plu had left, turned
around at the exact right moment.
"Let's talk."
Lupist sensed that the time had come.
'We can't keep hiding it forever.'
He had hoped he wouldn't find out, but if he asked, he had no choice but
to tell him due to their alliance.
"Alright."
As they entered the meeting room in the Tormia district, Albino was
already waiting.
"What are you hiding from me?" Lupist sighed.
"Yes. It was a hasty decision. We plan to use Plu for a honey trap
operation."
"Did my sister agree to this?"
"Of course. No matter how subordinate an employee is, we don't
ignore their opinions and force them into such tasks."
Shirone knew Plu.
"It wasn't something she had to do, was it? Anyway, this isn't the
way I want things to be done."
"It's too late. She's already in. You saw it too."
"It can be undone."
"It's a national strategy."
"But it's a strategy that wasn't discussed with me. I can't help
Tormia this way."
Even Lupist, who prided himself on being the coldest in the Magic
Association, couldn't ignore his words now.
"Are you threatening me?"
"No. It's because it's true. We can't achieve Ultima with
insincerity."
"Fine. Then we'll have no choice but to give up on you
too."
Lupist played his trump card.
"I'll bring my sister back."
"Why? Plu is my employee. You can't interfere anymore."
"I'm doing what I believe is right. I've always done that, and I
will continue to do so."
Lupist slammed the table.
"What exactly is the problem!"
"Evacuate. Evacuate."
As voices rose, Albino quietly moved to sit on the sofa.
"You know where we are! Other countries are doing far worse! Do you
want to fight them fairly? Do you still think you're a student at the Magic School? First-year Class
3?"
Shirone kept his mouth shut.
"Listen well. The reason we're sitting here is because we've always
taken on the jobs others didn't want to do. Of course, there are noble efforts and training involved in
that. But do you think that's all there is? Sometimes you have to get your hands dirty to win. To solve
problems."
"First-year Class 3."
Albino's gaze turned to Shirone.
"The people who dreamed of ideals in their childhood and believed
they could change something are now sitting here."
The years Shirone had lived flashed through her mind like a lantern
slide.
The librarian of the Ogent family, Class Seven, Five, Four of the Magic
School, up to graduation.
Looking back, it seemed so young, but it wasn't a shameful time.
'I fought with all my might.'
Even if it seemed like child's play and made adults angry, it was
because she believed it was right.
'I had the courage to do so.'
Had everyone become so scared and pale before the monster called the
world that they forgot?
'We all dreamed.'
Where did those giant children go who could easily brush off the
temptations offered by monsters?
"If even one percent of them had kept their beliefs, the world
wouldn't be like this."
"Right. The fact that there's no one percent is reality. Everyone
wants it to be that way, but no one wants to be that one percent themselves. That's the world we live
in. You know that too. Don't act childish."
"Childish?"
Shirone's eyebrows twitched.
"When did values that humans must protect until the end become
childish? Forcing such tasks on subordinates isn't childish but admirable?"
"Not everyone is like you. Do I look ridiculous to you? I'm also
giving up personal gain to work for the country. So is Plu."
"So I'm saying I'll do it! No matter what sacrifice it takes for an
integrated mental system…"
"How can you do that!" Lupist's words shocked Shirone.
"You never… believed from the start?"
"Sigh."
Lupist stood up from his desk and bowed his head.
"Shirone, humans aren't great. Resources are limited and we're
still immature in handling desires. We've only slightly civilized from hunting and gathering; we're
still primitive people chasing money."
He looked at Shirone.
"Do I not trust you? No, I trust you. You're humanity's strongest
magician. If we were going to war, I'd bet my life and all of Tormia's citizens on you. But not for an
integrated mental system. It's not Yahweh I don't trust; it's humans."
Shirone's lips trembled.
"You don't want to hurt Plu, right? Then bring a solution. Not
vague ideas but a clear solution. Doing your best isn't enough."
Lupist pointed at the table.
"Look at reality. What happened to Ymir's Ultima, our only hope?
Even simultaneous events have been cut off. It means you couldn't solve it. Because you couldn't solve
it, I'm trying to solve it."
Shirone clenched his teeth.
"There are two choices: create something more here or give up. Plu
will be fine for now. I'll give you a day." Shirone turned without answering.
As he left and closed the door, Lupist collapsed into his chair with
weak legs.
"Whew."
Albino finally spoke up.
"You got unusually excited there. Talking like that to a kid? There
are plenty of ways to coax him."
"He's not a kid."
Lupist tapped the desk.
"He knows everything directly through Omega's experience of human
history. She probably understands human nature better than I do."
"Hmm."
"And yet, he still wants to fight for humanity. That contradiction
stirs conflict. It makes me wonder if that guy's words might actually be right."
"It's unique, isn't it? Someone at the pinnacle of the world
sacrificing everything—humans aren't capable of that."
"Exactly."
And that's what makes it even more regrettable.
"Of course, my determination doesn't change. If Tormia can become
the leading nation, I'll do whatever it takes. The problem is… I always end up asking the same question
at the very end."
"A truly bothersome question."
"Yes. Perhaps…"
Lupus glanced out the window.
"Perhaps Shirone is humanity's last chance."
Outside the conference room, Shirone stood frozen with a blank
expression, unable to move for a while.
'What more am I supposed to do here?'
Even after pouring every ounce of his abilities into the effort, it felt
as if the world refused to budge.
"Damn it…"
He wiped his tears with his arm, but the bitterness in his heart
wouldn't go away.
'Why isn't it working?'
Could it be that a way for everyone to be happy simply doesn't exist in
this world?
'It has to exist.'
Shirone began walking again.
'I don't have time to be discouraged. I need to think. More effort, more
sacrifices, more responsibility…'
Hot tears blurred his vision.
Having hidden the hefty sum of one million gold coins at home, Travis
headed toward his establishment.
"Heh heh. Heh heh heh."
He couldn't stop laughing.
'My life is finally turning around. I'll live better than any noble. You
hear that, you bastards?'
He couldn't forget the look on his wife's face, frozen as if her heart
had stopped when he opened the bag of gold coins.
His son had jumped around in excitement, and they even promised to send
him to school after they moved.
'That's right. I'll make it all happen.'
Travis couldn't yet imagine how heavy a shackle this would turn out to
be.
As he entered the narrow alleyway of Edia Street No. 2, the quiet midday
scenery of the red-light district came into view.
"Aaaah!"
A woman's scream rang out.
"What the hell?"
It was a common occurrence, so he didn't pay much attention—until he
realized the scream was coming from his own establishment.
"Yeah! Hit me! Do it if you've got money!"
"That's Candy's voice, isn't it?"
Realizing that the voice belonged to someone at his establishment,
Travis quickly rushed inside.
Upon entering, he found a drunken man in his 30s gripping Candy's
hair.
"You son of a—!"
Travis's eyes filled with fury as he grabbed the man's wrist and yanked
him away.
"Let go! Let go of me!"
As the man dropped to his knees, Travis's hand, as broad as a pot lid,
struck the man's cheek mercilessly.
"You punk! What do you think this is, the Colosseum? Beating people
up like this—do you have a death wish?"
Candy pulled at Travis.
"Brother! Stop! If you go to jail again, what will we
do?!"
"It doesn't matter. I'll just go."
The man, clutching his sore wrist, shouted back.
"What's it to you?! Candy and I are in love! She's the one who
betrayed me!"
"Oh, really?"
As Travis raised his fist, Candy hurriedly pushed the man away.
"Just let him go! He might actually get killed at this
rate!"
One of Travis's men, who had arrived after hearing the commotion,
grabbed the drunk man's arms and dragged him out.
When the situation calmed down, Travis turned to Candy and asked,
"Who the hell was that guy? Is he really your—"
"No!"
Candy, with a thin cigarette between her lips, exhaled a long plume of
smoke.
"He's just a customer. Says he's a fallen noble. He looked so
pitiful that I let him drink on credit once."
"Credit? I don't remember allowing that."
"I paid for it out of my own pocket. The more he drinks, the worse
his behavior gets. Now he's demanding we get married."
"Idiot."
Travis glanced back toward the alley and said,
"And you—you're the problem too. Why does it matter if that guy's
ruined or not? Focus on your own damn life."
"Ugh, whatever. I don't want to talk about it anymore."
Muttering to herself, Candy took another drag from her cigarette.
"I just hope… he doesn't do something stupid, like kill himself or
something."
Sigh.
Travis couldn't exactly blame her.
After all, how often does someone in a place like this get a chance to
feel sympathy for anyone?
'Tch, pathetic people.'
Snatching the cigarette from Candy's mouth, he called out,
"Hey, everyone, gather up."
The women working at the establishment and his men assembled as Travis
pulled out a hefty pouch.
"Take this. Split it evenly."
The heavy thud it made was enough to catch everyone's attention, but
they assumed it was just silver coins.
"What is it? Did you take on some other job?"
When Candy opened the pouch, everyone's eyes widened in
disbelief.
"Gasp!"
The brilliant gleam of the gold coins was dazzling.
"Boss, what is this? These are large gold coins!"
Candy quickly emptied the pouch onto the table, spilling the gold coins
across it.
"How much is this? Brother! Explain this!"
"Ha ha ha! What, surprised? Did you all think I'd rot away in this
dump forever?"
"Brother! You've made it!"
Having seen the money, no one cared about the details anymore.
"That's right. We're moving up in the world. Candy, didn't you say
you wanted to be a singer? Go for it! I'll support you."
"Boss! Congratulations!"
As the men bowed formally, Travis stood taller, his neck stiff with
pride.
Even the ever-stoic polar bear cracked a grin, and the sly weasel,
always scheming, looked at him with newfound respect.
For better or worse, these were the only people who had followed him for
20 years.
"You're the best, brother!"
The women, suddenly rich, swarmed him and hugged him tightly.
'Money really is amazing.'
Even spending just 1% of the fortune Myron had given him earned him this
kind of adoration.
A fiery ambition ignited in his chest.
'I won't stop here. I'll climb higher—right to the top.'
He was already being roasted to perfection.