Chapter 1135:
Major Adjustments (3)
Shirone looked at his planet, which was endlessly receding, with sad
eyes.
'It's so small…'
Why can't it be unified?
He fought desperately for humanity, but it seemed he couldn't save even
a single life.
The Ultima System.
Dreaming of a world where everyone knows what is right, acknowledges
differences, and values everyone…
"Is that such a foolish thing?"
-If you have become strong enough to protect the whole world, listen to
everyone's stories.
Goffin's words came to mind.
'I'm sorry.'
I guess I'm not as strong as you, Father.
Tears flowed from the sorrow of not being understood and the longing for
Goffin.
Ikael watched him.
'How hard it must be.' Even Goffin couldn't fully embrace Yahweh's
heart, let alone her.
As Shirone wiped his tears and entered the room, Ikael placed a hand on
Amy's shoulder.
"Go to him."
"But… do I have the right to?"
What could she say to him?
"It doesn't matter if you have the right. Just be there for him.
That alone will be a great help."
Just as Goffin was for Ikael.
"Okay."
Gathering her courage, Amy walked to the door.
"Shirone."
As she entered the room, Shirone, who had been sobbing, hurriedly
covered his face and stood up.
"Oh? Yeah."
"Is something wrong?"
To that planet that had now drifted so far away.
"No, nothing's wrong."
Amy knew he wasn't talking about what had happened during the
simultaneous event.
"You're having a hard time, aren't you?"
As Amy sat beside him and patted his back, Shirone burrowed into her
arms.
Amy was momentarily surprised, but seeing Shirone's trembling shoulders,
she calmed down again.
She whispered softly.
"What happened?"
"…I feel like I'm ruining everything."
Amy's eyes reddened.
"The thought of saving everyone has ended up making it so I can't
save even one person. Everything is a mess. I don't even know what I'm fighting for anymore. Lupist is
right. The world would be better off without me."
"That's not true."
Amy stroked Shirone's head.
"You're just on a longer path than others. It feels like you're
lost because you can't see the end. But you're running straight. From the moment I first met
you…"
A scared boy who knew nothing of the world.
"Until now."
Until he became Yahweh.
"I've never disliked you."
As Shirone stopped crying and pulled away from her embrace, Amy smiled
mischievously.
"Yeah, Ultima."
Her fist lightly tapped Shirone's chest.
Not knowing how to react, he blinked, and she shyly averted her
gaze.
"People don't understand you because they can only see their own
destination. But you're not alone. No matter how far you go, there are people who will go with you to
the end. Me, your friends, Ikael…"
"Amy."
As Shirone started to cry again, Amy moved closer and hugged him
tightly.
"You're not wrong. I believe that."
"Yeah."
Though the tears hadn't stopped yet, Shirone could now move forward
again.
The 230th floor of the Ivory Tower.
Great Star, bound by the power of the Taiji, looked at Xing with a cold
expression.
"Xing, we…"
As Great Star opened her mouth.
"Ugh!"
Yin and Yang simultaneously grimaced, and the power of the Taiji began
to collapse.
'Why?'
The pyramids erected around the world had twisted the fate of the
Gemini.
"Master Xing! The law is changing!" Yang shouted.
"Ahhh! It's all over! The universe is going to be destroyed!
Everything is over!" Yin wailed.
As the binding force weakened exponentially, Great Star looked around
and suddenly sprang forward.
Xing shouted.
"Stop!"
The extreme power of the law.
The stubbornness that destroys probability completely froze the law of
the moment.
"Huff. Huff."
Yin and Yang panted.
'We managed to stop the collapse of the Taiji for now. But this means
Master Xing can't move either.'
Great Star, once again bound, showed a pained expression.
"Xing, don't do this."
"You were trying to kill me after all."
"No! I was trying to help you! If Baal destroys the Ivory
Tower…!"
"Shut up. I don't want to hear the words of an illusion. I will
judge and act on my own."
Great Star whimpered.
"Why can't you trust me? You know. I've fought to protect humans,
to protect my children."
Xing's nose wrinkled.
"…You can't prove it."
Proof that the existence other than oneself is not an illusion.
"In a situation where humanity's fate is on the brink, it's not
just empty talk. If you can't prove this proposition, Cell Buster might destroy humanity."
"I will stop it. I will persuade Argones. He will surely listen to
me."
"I told you to shut up!"
As Great Star's stubbornness grew, her mouth stiffened, and Xing's body
also became fixed in the world.
While Baal, the commander of the 1st Legion, quickly ascended the tower,
Shirone faced great resistance.
"Damn it! Why do we have to fight like this?"
"Five Stars! Give up!"
As he descended to the 172nd floor, many residents who followed Xing's
philosophy were stationed there.
"Catch him on this floor!"
Even though they were ordinary residents, they were considered the
greatest intellects in other countries.
Moreover, among the residents pressuring Shirone were some of the
world's 100 most dangerous individuals.
"Five Stars! I refute you with my death!"
"Ugh!"
An old man pulled out a dagger and tried to slit his throat, but Shirone
rushed forward.
He snatched the dagger and shouted.
"Stop it! Why are you doing this?"
A man in a suit on the rooftop of a four-story building reached out and
shouted.
"For the sake of truth!"
"Blik."
One of the world's 100 most dangerous individuals, he had embezzled 13
trillion gold through financial fraud.
"Shirone, you are wrong. Don't you realize that one wrong decision
from you could lead to the extinction of all humanity?"
"No. I will protect them."
Blik sighed at Shirone's unwavering gaze.
"I have no choice. I respect you, but…"
He pointed down.
"I will destroy it."
Looking where his finger pointed, a woman was strangling her
husband.
"No!"
Shirone teleported and pushed her away, but the iron door closed
firmly.
Without time to check on the husband's condition, he heard a
thud.
The woman was banging her head against the wall.
"Ahhh!"
Shirone, who had leaped forward, caught her head with his chest.
"Ugh! Please… He used Miracle Stream to knock her out.
"I said stop!"
As the woman collapsed with a thud, the building's lights came
on.
Shirone's eyes widened in shock as he scanned the front.
"This is…"
Residents were trapped in traps set all around, linked by complex
mechanical devices.
'Where do I start?'
He analyzed the mechanisms with his unique insight, but they were so
complex it made his head spin.
'No, more than that…'
The design of the mind was even more complicated.
'I can't save everyone.'
The basic mechanism was that saving the resident on the left would kill
the resident on the right.
'And it distinguishes between men, women, the elderly, and the young,
the intensity of pain, the type of death, the condition of the corpse…'
It was a trap designed to attack Shirone's mind with every possible
calculation.
He could tell the designers just by the individuality of the
devices.
'Pito. Decker. Magrasia.'
A labyrinth designer, a drug researcher, a cult leader, and other
world-class dangerous individuals had created this masterpiece.
"We will convey our will." Pito, trapped in an iron cage, cut
the rope with a knife, and a giant blade aimed for his neck.
"Ugh!"
Without time to make a decision, Shirone rushed forward and spread
Miracle Stream.
As the light smoke grabbed the blade, a syringe descended in the iron
cage opposite.
"Ahhh!"
A woman with a needle in her wrist trembled as poison was injected into
her body.
Shirone thought as he pulled out the needle.
'If I pull this out…'
Seven iron cages would catch fire, and three would fall through the open
floor.
"Damn it!"
The residents of the Ivory Tower, who had grasped the essence of Yahweh
and used their own lives as fuel.
'Why go this far…'
Their beliefs struck Shirone's mind.
'Am I really wrong?'
After extinguishing the fire in the iron cage, he went down again and
caught the falling cage.
'This is the only route.'
The calculations ended, but Blik's design was cruelly perfect.
'I was deceived.'
It was a trap designed to look solvable, but there was no real
solution.
As all the visible traps in the building activated, they drove the
residents to death.
The sight itself became fuel that pierced his heart.
"Ah?…"
Everyone was dying.
'I'm ruining everything. Because of me, they wouldn't have died if it
weren't for me…'
Perhaps the residents of the Ivory Tower could have destroyed Yahweh's
spirit.
But at that moment, Amy's words crossed the universe and struck his
mind.
'I'm not lost.'
It just feels like I'm lost because it's so far and I can't see the
end.
"I'm not wrong."
Shirone's eyes widened as he steadied his shaking mind, and the Hand of
God was born.
It split into tens of thousands of small hands and manipulated all the
devices in the traps.
'How did they think of making something like this?'
A trap that would ultimately lead to death, no matter how it was
deactivated, due to its double and triple connections.
'It has to be solved simultaneously.'
Even a problem with no solution can become the solution itself when
viewed from a great distance.
'Got it!'
As the traps were deactivated, hundreds of pre-planted bombs
simultaneously hit their detonators.
In the moment when a giant flame erupted, Shirone integrated the Hand of
God.
'No matter how far it is, it doesn't matter.'
With a grand purpose that overwhelmed all specialties.
'I will run to the end.' As the bombs exploded and the building shook,
Blik closed his eyes gently.
'This is the end.'
With a roar, the building exploded, and a giant golden hand stretched
out to the sky.
Feeling the warm energy on his back, Blik opened his eyes and realized
the situation.
'It didn't shake?'
A moment later, the Hand of God placed all the residents on the ground
without exception.
Everyone was unconscious, and Blik, the only one awake, approached
Shirone.
"I lost."
The one who prevailed was Shirone.
"It was an honor to face you, Five Stars."
Shirone glared and said.
"Don't ever do this again."
"Alright. The conclusion is clear. It seems our power is
insufficient."
As Blik finished speaking, a talisman flew to Shirone's feet.
"Ugh!"
As he quickly moved, the one-square-meter spot where he had been
standing melted into lava.
'This is???????'
It was a familiar ability.
"I'm sorry to meet you like this, Five Stars."
A man covered in talismans waved one held between his index and middle
fingers.
It was Heukgangsi, a 3-star resident of the Law Department.