Chapter 1144:
Law War (3)
Ivory Tower, 230th Floor
No one could move.
Great Star was held by Xing, who was preventing the fates of Yin and
Yang from being twisted.
"Whew."
Laska, who had guided Shirone here, regained consciousness and slowly
stood up.
Xing's eyebrow twitched.
'Damn.'
In the state where the balance of power was precisely aligned, Laska was
the only variable.
"So, what now?"
Laska approached them with a smile.
Yin wept.
"We're all doomed. That butcher will kill us. He'll break our
fingers first, then tear my body to pieces…"
Laska's nickname was the Butcher.
"Hmph! Let him try. As long as I'm holding Great Star, I can switch
targets and take him down in a second. Then I'll grab Great Star again."
Yang spoke bravely, but Xing's thoughts were closer to Yin's.
'I can't let go of Great Star. Even if it means dying, I must keep her
bound here.'
Great Star turned her gaze to Laska.
'Set me free.'
Even without speaking, he, who belonged to Shirone's faction, would make
the right decision.
'Sister.'
Laska recalled Minerva's words.
"Do you think Xing is right?"
The Human Safety Enforcement Division had decided to follow Shirone, but
her words were shocking.
"Yes. Great Star is a manager connected to the outside world. As
long as we don't know her true intentions, it's better to be cautious. Xing knows this too. He's playing
the villain."
"Then why not join Xing's faction?" Minerva remained
silent.
"Is it because of Shirone?"
"We are the ones who caused chaos in the world. I don't think we
have the right to give opinions on such decisions."
"Tch, who cares? So what do you really want to do? Just do
that."
"I just…"
Minerva looked at Laska.
"I want the world Shirone dreams of to come. I don't want anyone to
get hurt."
'So unnecessarily soft-hearted.'
Turning away, Laska walked to the outer wall and placed his palm on the
glass.
As he cast metal magic, a clean hole was drilled with a grinding
sound.
Great Star spoke with a worried expression.
"Laska."
"Sorry, but I don't want to be involved in this situation.
Honestly, I don't even understand what you all are talking about."
Minerva was worried.
"Don't worry. I'll handle the demons. You all can play house
here."
Looking at the blizzard curtain, he shot out with a metallic
roar.
"Laska!"
Great Star called, but all that returned was the sharp sound of the wind
being cut.
Shirone quickly descended the tower.
Since Borbor's death, the residents of the Ivory Tower who followed Xing
had not appeared.
'Mourning.'
It was their way of mourning.
-Baal has reached the 80th floor. The number of enemy casualties is
764.
Mika's words made Shirone grit his teeth.
Even without stars, the residents of the Ivory Tower included many
world-class strong individuals.
'They're being overwhelmed.'
A clear bell sound, impossible to gauge the distance, echoed like a
hallucination in his ears.
"Wind Chime."
Knowing he couldn't avoid it, Shirone extended the Hand of God.
The entire 112th floor was engulfed in a storm, uprooting artificial
trees.
As the wind calmed, a man in white appeared at the entrance leading
down.
"Arte."
Arte, a 3-star resident of the Balance Department, had the satellite
Tokei on his shoulder.
"We don't have time. Baal is massacring the residents of the Ivory
Tower as he ascends."
"I know."
Shirone revealed his trump card.
"Borbor is…"
"I know. Tanjura told me. She asked to let Five Stars
go."
Arte, lowering his fan, spoke coldly.
"If she requested it with her death, I can bend my principles for a
few hours."
Tokei's ant-like face looked sad.
"Even to a demon like me, she was a good person. And now she's
gone."
Shirone asked, "Then why are you blocking me? Residents are dying
even now."
"It's as if… you speak as if Five Stars won't die by Baal's
sword."
"What?"
"I'm blocking you because if you go down now, you'll die a
meaningless death."
Of course, he knew Baal's strength.
'Hell's army.'
Being the commander of the 1st Legion meant he was the strongest being
in the under world.
"I might die. But I have to fight. I can't run away."
"No. You must run."
Tokei spoke.
"Shirone, there may be no one with a win rate over 50 percent
against you, but this time is different. You must consider Baal's demon realm."
"Deadly Cross."
Arte spoke.
"Baal's power is the strongest in Hell. But that's not all. If Five
Stars tries to destroy him, he will surely open the demon realm."
The result would be like a meteor collision, capable of ending human
history in an instant.
"And he's not weak enough to be stalled. We must prepare for the
demon realm."
"Do you have a plan?"
A woman's voice was heard.
"I'll explain."
As Shirone turned, a woman with concentric pupils approached.
It was their first face-to-face meeting, but if she had telescopic
vision, there was only one person in the Ivory Tower.
"Bipa."
She was the supervisor of the Ivory Tower's weapon system.
"I've seen Baal fight. The demon's ability, Gangui. It's not
absolute in battle, but even the stars of the Ivory Tower would struggle against him."
Shirone readily agreed.
'Gangui is…'
A form of divine transcendence.
The will to cut is directly projected onto the sword, theoretically
without limits.
'Hidden codes usually provide demons with combat convenience that breaks
logic, but…'
Baal was different.
'This isn't a cheat. It's the strongest ability because of his immense
will.'
A True Swordsman
Regardless of stats, this is why Shirone considered Baal a formidable
opponent.
Bipa continued her explanation.
"Baal has been killing all the residents as he ascends from the
first floor. He believes that by reaching the top this way, he will have annihilated the Ivory
Tower."
His straightforward judgment was also characteristic of a
swordsman.
"Thanks to that, we've gained some time. The core of our strategy
is the 99th floor, the internal power mechanism room of the Ivory Tower."
Bipa pointed downward.
"There are 3,200 large batteries, each weighing 68 tons, installed
there. They power the environmental circulation system from the 100th to the 199th floor. We plan to
reverse this system to create a powerful magnetic field."
Shirone looked aghast.
"The tower won't remain intact. It will become a railgun firing
68-ton projectiles."
"Exactly. The tower shouldn't remain intact. Because I plan to blow
up the 99th floor."
"If we enhance the magnetic field, the 3,200 batteries will
simultaneously shoot out in a 360-degree radius. Boom! Baal will be blown away too. If more than 72
percent of the 99th floor's outer wall is destroyed, the upper tower will collapse under its weight. The
remaining 28 percent will absorb the impact's vibration. Thud. The 100th floor will then precisely slot
into the 98th floor. Boom."
Bipa demonstrated the tower's collapse with her fingers, spreading her
arms wide.
Shirone realized, 'Is she crazy?'
If the calculations were even slightly off, the tower would tilt and
crash into the ground.
"We can't kill Baal, nor can we leave him be. The best option is to
blow him outside. It's the clear answer."
'Where have I seen this before?'
The sense of déjà vu came from her calmly stating such outrageous
plans.
"Cogwheel Mark."
The tutorial manager of High Gear, Bipa, pouted.
"I don't care much about reality, but I don't like the idea of my
home being blown away."
Arte interjected.
"How long will this take?"
"At least 30 minutes. We need to hack the main system. Meanwhile,
you must stop Baal from ascending. Keep him as far away as possible."
Shirone spoke.
"Mika."
-Baal is currently on the 82nd floor. With Tanjura evacuating residents,
his speed is expected to increase. The earliest position to intercept him is the 86th floor.
The 86th floor.
'That leaves 13 floors.'
Shirone said, "I'll head out now. I'll hold Baal for 30 minutes, so
make sure the plan succeeds."
Please don't let this be madness.
As the flash of teleportation exited the floor, Arte turned to Bipa and
asked,
"Just curious, which side are you on? Xing or Shirone?"
"Of course…"
Bipa just smiled.
A streak of light spiraled down the outer wall of the Ivory
Tower.
Upon reaching the 86th floor, a swordsman with a purple longsword
appeared at the opposite entrance.
'Baal.'
With black hair flowing to his shoulders, he was more beautiful than a
human.
"Yahweh."
He didn't utter the word 'disgust.'
"Do not block my path. By Satan's command, I will erase the Ivory
Tower from the world."
"Why the Ivory Tower now?" Even Baal couldn't read Satan's
intentions, but one thing was clear.
"Evil is defined by intelligence."
Without intelligence, evil is merely pure chaos.
"We are not a disaster, Yahweh."
As Baal emitted a purple aura, the plants on the 86th floor began to
twist.
'This is Gangui.'
As the aura imbued the sword, Baal swung it at Shirone.
The movement was so fast it seemed slow, and Shirone countered with
Hexa.
'Hand of God!'
As the two forces collided, the 86th floor, now evacuated, was
devastated. Golden flashes spread, interwoven with purple flashes like a spider's web.
'Fast.'
The pinnacle of hidden codes, resembling divine transcendence, was
ironic.
'Baal is the real deal.'
The power, comparable to Rian's strike, sent Shirone, enveloped in
Miracle Stream, flying upward.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
As he pierced through the ceilings, Shirone counted in his mind.
'87th floor. 88th floor. 89th floor.'
Realizing he might be pushed to the 99th floor, Shirone applied the
brakes.
'I've already been pushed six floors.'
Stopping on the 92nd floor, Shirone deployed the Hand of God and cast
Photon Cannon.
As Baal's figure was captured through the gap,
'There.'
The Photon Cannon struck vertically, creating a massive hole in the
floor's center.
Baal mustered all his strength to draw up Gangui's aura.
"Grrr!"
91st floor, 90th floor, 89th floor, 88th floor…
"Yaaah!"
As the purple flash slashed vertically, the Photon Cannon split in two
and scattered.
"Phew!"
Baal exhaled deeply, checking the floor he was on.
85th floor.
"Yahweh…"
Finally, the demon appeared on his face.