Chapter 1146:
Trigger (1)
The space between the 95th and 85th floors of the Ivory Tower had become
a single massive battlefield.
From hundreds of meters above, Shirone's eyes locked onto Baal.
The Photon Cannon of the Hand of God fired relentlessly, and moments
later, a tearing sound erupted.
Baal's strike, imbued with the energy of Gangui, ripped through the
Photon Cannon and clawed at the tower's inner walls.
"Ugh!" Amidst the shaking Miracle Stream, Shirone panted
heavily, surveying his surroundings.
'96th floor.'
For the first time, the 95th floor had been breached.
"Open the way, Yahweh." Baal's complexion didn't look great,
but he still had some energy left.
Shirone thought.
'He said he would annihilate the Ivory Tower. That means his ultimate
target is Great Star.'
Many stars had shone in the Ivory Tower, but the focal point was always
Great Star.
She urged, she soothed, she decided, and she protected humanity.
'Intelligence defines evil. Without a standard, evil gains
legitimacy.'
In a post-apocalyptic world, evil would become the new intelligence that
governs life.
Mika transmitted information.
-30 minutes have passed. Bipa's preparations are complete. They are
waiting for you, Shirone.
Even the brief flow of current alerted Baal to the enemy's
intentions.
"They're up to something." Otherwise, there would be no need
to desperately hold the lower floors of the Ivory Tower.
'They're wary of my demon realm.'
If Deadly Cross activated, it would bring disaster not only to the Ivory
Tower but to the entire Northern Hemisphere.
'Pushing me outside the Ivory Tower is the best outcome. But can they do
it?'
As long as his will was rooted in the Ivory Tower, no force could push
him out.
"Yahweh."
As Baal raised his longsword above his head, a chilling aura spread over
the blade like oil.
It was likely a life-risking resolve, manifesting as the power of
Gangui, akin to the demon realm.
"Do I look weak to you? Even without Deadly Cross, I can annihilate
the Ivory Tower."
'Indeed.'
The energy Shirone felt from Baal was enough to penetrate the 97th and
98th floors.
'This must be the final attack. If I falter here, there won't be a
second chance.'
As the Hand of God blocked the front, Baal's eyes sank into a deep
abyss.
"Here I come."
As soon as he spoke, a vertical line was drawn as if with a
ruler.
The line, whose distance couldn't be gauged, was grasped by the hand of
light, also of indeterminate distance.
"Ugh!"
As if the palm was being cut, light fragments burst along the vertical
line like a fountain.
'97th floor.'
Even without adjusting his strength, it was a force that had to be
conceded.
'98th floor!'
With one floor left, Shirone infused more power into the Hand of
God.
'Hold on!'
As Yahweh's will clashed with Baal's, the space on the 98th floor began
to warp.
With a deafening roar, shockwaves erupted, and Shirone's body was
slammed into the 98th-floor ceiling.
"Ugh!"
From that position, he saw Baal, with a demonic face, soaring
upward.
"Yaaah!" To avoid falling into the enemy's trap, Baal chose to
fully commit to Gangui.
Shirone's eyes widened.
'He's aiming for the top.'
The sheer force, coupled with his resolve, made Shirone's heart burn,
even though Baal was his enemy.
As they collided with the Hand of God, the boundary between the golden
and purple light became distinct.
Baal's will grew stronger.
'I'll break through.'
But the more he pushed, the stronger Shirone's will, contained in the
Miracle Stream, became.
'I'll block it!'
His body tightened, and the pressure in his abdomen felt like it would
explode.
'Is this Yahweh?'
To Baal, it didn't matter how detestable Yahweh was to demons.
'Only the weak whine. Whatever Yahweh is, I'll surpass it.'
That's what he thought.
'Can't I surpass it?'
It wasn't because Baal's will was weaker than Shirone's.
'He's embracing all of humanity. That would be a tremendous weakness in
any situation, but…'
Yahweh's will was something no one in this world could match.
'How fortunate, human.'
He understood the feelings of other demons.
'I want to break it. I want to burn all my will and truly feel Yahweh's
energy.'
As his body began to be crushed, Baal turned away from his burning
competitive spirit.
'Satan.'
All demons came from him, so their power must be used for Satan's
purpose.
'Is it time?' If he opened the demon realm and struck the Ivory Tower
with Deadly Cross, the mission would be complete.
The collision of a meteor was Hell's greatest weapon, but the Ivory
Tower was worth the exchange.
Through the vibrations of the Hand of God, Shirone guessed Baal's
intention.
'No.'
He had to prevent the demon realm from opening before humanity reached
Ultima.
"Ugh!"
In a fleeting moment, a thought flashed through Shirone's mind, and
Baal's eyes widened.
As the suppressed Gangui exploded, his sword rushed towards
Shirone.
'Is he retreating?'
To prevent Deadly Cross from activating, it was necessary, but it didn't
make sense as a desperate move.
'A trap.'
He knew Shirone had the ability to manipulate minds like laws.
'Yahweh manipulates minds. If he changes my mind, it becomes
reality.'
Baal's lips curled up.
'I won't be fooled.'
Without certainty, he thrust his sword at Shirone with all his
might.
And finally.
'What?'
Baal's longsword pierced through Shirone's abdomen.
'He was really stabbed…'
At the same time, he realized.
'Damn!'
But it was too late, and the Hand of God swept them both up.
Thud, thud, thud, the metallic sounds of the engine room echoed on the
99th floor as Baal looked ahead.
Shirone, with a penetrating wound in his abdomen, knelt on one knee,
clutching his stomach.
'That method…'
There is a magic trick that always works 100%.
If you want to perform a trick where your finger disappears, you
actually cut off your finger.
In the end, when you stab a longsword into your abdomen, no one can help
but believe it.
'Because it's real.'
Baal walked towards Shirone.
"But what does this mean? You've suffered a fatal wound and haven't
harmed me."
As if not giving him time to heal, Baal immediately raised his
longsword.
"Die."
At the same time, Bipa in the control room pressed a button.
"Magnetic field reversal."
As the 68-ton battery shot out with a thud, Baal's body
disappeared.
In his shock, he saw Shirone also hit by the battery.
'Was this it?'
As he rapidly moved away from the Ivory Tower, Baal pushed Gangui to its
limit.
"Grrr!"
But all he could do was endure the impact; he couldn't even move his
fingers.
As Shirone's figure became a dot in the distance, Baal's nose
wrinkled.
"Aaaah!"
His roar of anger was buried in the snowstorm.
As the outer wall of the 99th floor collapsed, the tower's center of
gravity shifted sharply downward.
"Aaah! We're falling!"
In the dizzying sensation of free fall, Tokei screamed and Bipa bit her
lip.
The remaining outer wall would cushion the impact, but only by building
standards.
When the 100th floor slammed into the 98th floor, the tremendous
vibration made their bones ache.
'Please, please!'
Even a 1 percent error in scale would cause the tower to crash into the
ground.
"It's stopped."
Tokei muttered, and Bipa checked the tower's balance on the control
screen.
The tilt of the tower, which seemed to maintain verticality, increased
from 0.1 degrees to 0.38 degrees.
"It's still tilting! It's because of the wind."
Facing an uncontrollable variable, Arte, a 3-star resident, raised his
fan.
"Wind Chime."
As the sound of bells rang out, a massive gale began to blow around the
tower.
"It's still tilting!"
From 0.6 degrees to 0.72 degrees.
The Ivory Tower was the world's largest structure; if it tilted more
than 1 degree, not even a typhoon could stop it.
"Arte! Increase rotation!"
Following Tokei's hydrodynamic calculations, Arte intensified the
wind.
Whoooosh!
"It's stabilizing! Just a bit more!"
As the tower oscillated within plus or minus 0.5 degrees and regained
its balance, Arte exhaled deeply.
"It's almost a vacuum. We'll need to maintain this state until the
tower's connections are complete."
Thanks to having a top-tier mage from the Blo family, fine adjustments
were possible.
However, being stuck in the control room and unable to help Xing was
frustrating.
"You knew from the start?"
Feeling Arte's narrow-eyed gaze, Bipa shrugged her shoulders.
"Improvisation."
Meanwhile, like Baal, Shirone was also caught by the inertia of the
battery.
'Too fast.'
The projectile weighed a whopping 68 tons.
Fired by electromagnetic force, it couldn't be compared to explosive
propulsion.
Miracle Stream prevented his body from bursting, but his wounds from
Baal remained.
The Arctic headwind lowered his body temperature, making it hard to stay
conscious.
'How far will I fly?'
As he saw Corona Kingdom beyond the horizon, the battery began to arc
downward.
'I'm falling.'
Miracle Stream would protect his body, but a graceful landing seemed
unlikely.
He heard battle cries.
"Hold the line! If we lose Huig's territory, it's a straight shot
to Corona Kingdom!"
At that moment, a general looked up.
"What is that?"
A massive chunk of metal flew rapidly and crashed into the center of the
demon army's camp.
Boom!
Shirone landed in the snow and heaved his back up and down.
"Oww."
The battery rolled another 200 meters after crashing, crushing demons
along its path.
The demons stared blankly at the horrific scene.
"What kind of crap is this…"
Turning back around, they saw Shirone with blood soaking his
chest.
"Yahweh?"
As they approached in a daze and then stepped back two or three paces,
their squad leader shouted,
"Hey! Why are you scared? Since when did we fear Yahweh? Gather
around!"
It made sense in theory but felt unsettling for an ordinary company to
approach out of curiosity.
One demon muttered,
"…Looks injured."
Though he seemed conscious, Yahweh's light didn't extend beyond his
chest.
"A sword wound."
Yahweh had been stabbed?
For a moment they wondered who could have done it before joy lit up
their eyes.
"Hehehe! Hahaha!"
The squad leader's shoulders broadened suddenly,
"Wow, did Yahweh come to repent? Personally visiting us with
delicious juice."
Shirone spoke,
"Stop this war. If you continue meaningless killing, I won't stand
by."
Laughter erupted from all sides,
"Hahaha! What are you saying? Do you know your
condition?"
Shirone's eyes hardened,
"I'm almost healed."
The laughter abruptly stopped as the demons exchanged glances and then
charged en masse,
"Kill him! Tear him apart!"
Like water flowing into a pit, demons swarmed together into a
mass,
"Aaah! What's this?"
As toxic smoke spread and melted their skin, demons scattered in all
directions,
"Almost healed? Always bluffing."
Turning towards a familiar female voice, Shirone saw an old
acquaintance,
"Minerva."
With her pipe in her mouth and turning back with a smile and
wink,
"Welcome to Huig's territory."
Currently considered one of the world's fiercest battlefields.