Chapter 1150:
12 o'clock, 12 Nations (1)
The midnight bell sound disappeared as if it had never been there from
the beginning.
A quiet night.
"Quickly find out the truth!"
The sectors of each nation in the Holy War were in a state of
emergency.
'What is it? What the hell is it?'
There were no reports on how quickly the curse amplified by the Moon
Kingdom would affect reality.
'It's an assassination operation. There's no other explanation.'
It would be faster than the bell sound.
"Pony!"
Shirone, who had mined assassination information from the Apocalypse,
ran to the sector of Tormia.
The knights stood like statues, but their expressions said it
all.
'As expected…'
Entering the depths of the sector, the leaders were anxiously pacing
around.
Yet it was quiet.
As if trying to freeze boiling water by compressing it, they were
desperately suppressing their bewilderment.
Shirone also slowed down and slowly approached the place where the queen
was staying.
"Phew."
Taking a deep breath, he opened the door to find the dark shadows of
candlelight instead of bright lights.
"Shirone."
Lupist and Albino were standing, and Dante was lost in serious
thought.
"Is he safe?"
The bed was covered by curtains, so Lupist realized Shirone's
question.
"Is it the Apocalypse? Since when?"
"I found out a little while ago. It seems it's already too
late."
Without a word, Dante pulled back the curtains to reveal Pony lying as
if dead, her face pale.
"Lyria."
The one guarding Pony's side was Lyria, a mage from the Akeanis
Shrine.
"I prevented instant death. But I can't guarantee
anything."
Shirone took a deep breath and asked, looking at the totems and magical
tools placed next to the bed.
"How did you predict it?"
Dante answered, "I didn't predict it. I didn't even guess. Lyria
read the ominous signs through the flow of intelligence."
Lyria added, "I created magical barriers for most of the key
figures besides His Majesty, but this was unexpected. It's incredibly strong. It's like soaking in
poisoned water."
The sense of Choeni Bardo detected the ghost's figure shaking behind the
bed.
"Get out of Pony."
The Miracle Stream enveloped Pony's body.
"Kiyaaaa!"
Pony, unconscious, opened her eyes wide and arched her back like a
shrimp.
"I'll kill you! I'll kill you all!"
As the afterimages overlapped at the boundary, Pony's face turned into a
wicked demon.
'Damn it.'
When the Miracle Stream was removed, the ghost was suppressed again by
Lyria's law.
"It's serious."
Lyria nodded.
"It's not normal magic. I also tried exorcism, but the killing
intent is too strong. If we forcibly break the boundary, His Majesty will die."
Shirone's eyes sharpened.
"It's the Moon Kingdom. They foresee a future where they use
sorcery to assassinate the kings of each nation."
Lupist asked, "Who will die?"
"It doesn't matter. Since we've already mined it, the future will
change slightly according to the changes in reality. But it seems the initial assassination targets were
six: Tormia, Jincheon, Corona, the Tribal Union, Paras, and Gustav."
Dante said, "That's half of the 12 nations. They created a
smokescreen so no one knows who instigated it. Anyway, information from the Apocalypse can't be used as
evidence. Each nation can selectively use the evidence to their advantage, so it can't ensure
objectivity."
Albino muttered, "Kashan is missing."
Everyone looked at him.
"From the Moon Kingdom's perspective, the Emperor of Kashan would
be the top priority for elimination. In reality, only Kashan is missing from the traditional three
empires. They must have joined hands."
Lyria asked, "Could it be that they deliberately left it out to
frame Kashan?"
Lupist shook his head.
"Sending the curse is a kind of declaration of war. If they are
identified as a war criminal nation, other countries will have a justification for assassinating their
kings. In such a situation, pushing the empire would backfire. Even if they were prepared, it's more
advantageous to send the curse to all 11 nations from the beginning."
Dante agreed, "The alliance seems certain. The remaining issue is
our response. We also need to consider the possibility of an alliance. The silence will only last until
tonight. When the day breaks, the swords will move."
A bloody wind will blow.
"Use Kuan."
Albino said indifferently.
"Call him."
Dante nodded and left the room, and Lyria watched him with sad
eyes.
'How cruel it is, the life that must win.'
Sitting by the bed, Shirone touched Pony's forehead, who was breathing
sharply.
She seemed to be holding on desperately.
'Hold on a little longer.'
The moment the boundary collapses, the ghost will tear Pony's mind
apart.
'I'll save you.'
To revive Pony, they had no choice but to directly remove the evil from
the spiritual realm.
There was a knock on the door.
"Chairman."
The face of Tormia's foreign minister, who entered the room, was
flushed.
"It's Code One."
At the word referring to the summit, Lupist and Albino reacted
simultaneously.
"Where is it?"
"The south. The Tribal Union."
Since the Holy War was held, there had been no special actions from the
forces.
Albino propped his chin.
"Hmm. Code One…"
According to Shirone, the targets of the Moon Kingdom's curse included
the South.
'The King of Tormia is unconscious. The South wouldn't be different.
Could it be that they are safe?'
Lupist, thinking the same, said, "It could be a scheme to spy on
the situation of other countries. Let's proceed with Code Two for now."
"No, it's… The South said it's okay even if it's not the King of
Tormia."
Albino frowned.
"What do you mean?"
"The condition the South proposed is Shirone's attendance. They
said they would accommodate our convenience otherwise."
Two things became clear.
'First, the meeting has a clear purpose. Second, the leader of the
South, Eunta, is likely safe.'
In other words, they blocked the Moon Kingdom's curse.
'Alliance possibilities and information about sorcery. This Code One is
necessary either way. The problem is Shirone…'
Since he was currently distancing himself from Tormia, it was doubtful
if he would step up, but it was just a needless worry.
"Let's go."
Shirone got up from the bed.
"They might tell us how to save Pony. Please arrange the meeting as
soon as possible."
"Yes, then."
As the foreign minister left the room, Albino prepared the documents
needed for Code One.
"Will you attend?"
Lupist nodded at Shirone's question, but couldn't help feeling
bitter.
'For a friend…'
Is that all it takes to move Yahweh?
'Or…'
Is that all there is to it?
At the sound of the midnight bell, Fermi stopped his work and
stretched.
'Collecting information about the Holy War and trying to turn the tables
with the information mined from the Apocalypse.'
It was a time-consuming task, but once the vital points of each country
were identified, the effect would be tremendous.
"Hmm?"
At that moment, the magic of the world's greatest information mage,
Lampa, Gold Bird, infiltrated the secret room.
Of course, the person who cast it was someone from the Parrot Mercenary
Corps, not Lampa himself.
'Finally.'
Fermi, who couldn't handle simultaneous events, had to choose between
the Apocalypse and the Holy War.
He chose to participate in the Holy War but didn't move without any
preparation.
'With Tele Bird, I can receive information in the shortest time.'
In exchange for passing on the magic, Lampa naturally demanded the
mining information from the Apocalypse.
Surprisingly, the transaction went smoothly.
Lampa was already over 100 years old and intended to put his outstanding
disciple, Chong, at the forefront.
'Gold Bird is a real-time information communication system. It means the
Parrot Mercenary Corps succeeded in mining.'
Any information would do.
As long as he could detect changes, changes in the world, Ardino's
wide-area vision would derive the answer.
"Shall we turn the Holy War upside down?"
Thinking that, he touched Gold Bird, the code was unlocked, and the
screen unfolded.
The information on the screen was…
"Damn it!"
With a bang, the chair fell over, and Fermi immediately left the secret
room and ran down the hallway.
'Old man!'
King Manolka of Keshia.
He first met him when he lost to Shirone in the graduation exam and
wandered the world.
"What is a young man doing here?"
An old man approached Fermi, who was working in a remote mining village
at the time.
When Fermi, who was warming himself by the coal fire, looked up, there
stood an old man as thin as a corpse.
"Are you mute? This old man is asking. What is a young man with all
his limbs doing here?"
"…Working."
After a short answer, Fermi turned back to the coal fire, and the old
man sat next to him.
"Ugh. Of course. But this mine doesn't make much profit. You could
die anytime if the ground collapses. That's why state prisoners or those who can't reveal their names
gather here, just like you."
Fermi stopped stirring the coal and asked, "So what?"
"Heh! Your eyes are still alive. Mekia Mine is the perfect place
for someone who wants to die. But after watching you for a few days, you seem different."
The old man stared intently at Fermi.
"Has the world you knew changed? Did you lose someone
precious?"
"A long time ago."
Yolga's face came to mind.
"But it doesn't matter, because I couldn't protect them. It's
natural for the weak to have something taken away."
This time, the old man was silent.
"By the way, what are you doing in this rough place, old man?
Shouldn't you be watching your grandchildren's antics at home?"
"This mine is under my management. I need to check how things are
going."
It made sense in its own way.
"I have no heirs. I have plenty of mouths to feed, though.
Sometimes I look for useful people in places like this."
"Are you going to pass on your business?"
"Why not? Even if it's an unprofitable mine, you can still make a
living."
'An unprofitable mine.'
Chewing over the meaning of those words, Fermi soon shook his head as if
it was pointless.
"Find someone else."
"Think about it. It will be better than now. You can get a pretty
wife and eat meat dishes."
"Why me? There are plenty of smart people in the world. You can
grab anyone and make them do it."
"Being knowledgeable doesn't mean being smart. What's the use of
claiming what you know if no one listens? It would look less foolish to hit someone over the head with
an encyclopedia. At least then you'd knock them out."
Fermi just listened.
"Not many think about what they need to do to persuade others.
Because it's a different level of difficulty from knowing something. It's about enduring and enduring
until you get the desired result. Just like…"
The old man pointed his finger.
"Like you."
Silence fell.
"You haven't given up, have you? If you intend to carry it through,
come to me. It's not a mine with much to dig, but you won't lose out."
"…In three days."
Fermi stood up.
"Let's go to the royal castle. But I have no intention of
succeeding to the throne. So if you want to sit at the top of the world before you die, try to live as
long as possible."
As he listened to the receding footsteps, the old man looked down at the
fire and smiled.
"Did I get caught?"
Well, it would be strange not to know.
"Yolga's son."
Because he is Ardino Fermi.