Chapter 1163:
Dusk (1)
'Is it still far?'
Ymir, an enormous being stretching between galaxies, was lost in
thought.
So vast that it surpassed the speed of light, where even blinking an eye
was faster than light itself…
Yet, there was no gravity.
'That's the problem.'
To keep his neck and limbs from tearing apart, he had fully unleashed
his giant form.
'Even the smallest particles of matter have come apart. It's difficult
to exert force in this state.'
And yet, he could do it.
As long as the Ultima of ten billion Gaia beings continued to define him
as Ymir.
"Grrrrhh…!"
Little by little, strength began to gather in certain parts of his
signal-based body.
'A mere planet dares…?'
Though the signal defining his power had spread to over 30% of his body,
escaping was still impossible.
'Damn it. Just one… Just one has to break.'
The moment his power's signal reached its target, one of the
five-starred planets would crumble like dust.
'Breaking just one is enough.'
That was why 30% was a realistic number.
"Heh…"
By some miracle, he might break free right now, or it could take much
longer.
'Just wait.'
Either way, it was only a matter of time.
Three years had passed since Shirone and the others had started living
in the dream world created by Luber.
At least, that was how it felt to them.
Shirone still gazed at the sea, and Gaold's visits had grown
infrequent.
The only change in recent times was that his hair had grown long.
Back then, Gaold's group had engaged in heated debates, but they had yet
to find a satisfying answer.
Luber had said this:
"If his hair is growing, it means he has started to accept the flow of
time in this dream. But he still doesn't sleep or eat.
No one knows.
No one can say for sure what's in the mind of the Five Stars."
Perhaps not even Shirone himself.
The sound of the waves, repeating every second, seemed to be the only
voice whispering to him.
And then, at some point…
"… Ah?"
For the first time in three years, Shirone spoke.
Gaold's group was not present—they were busy with their livelihoods—but
Luber nearly fainted from shock.
Monga shouted.
"Did you hear that?! Just now, the Five Stars…!"
"Shhh."
Shirone stood up and slowly began to walk.
Then, he pointed to the endless sea.
"… Ymir."
Luber followed the direction of his hand with his gaze.
Out at sea, dozens of small boats were rowing toward the shore.
"This… is impossible."
The 1.5th layer created by Mongin was impenetrable, even by the master
of this realm.
Monga's voice trembled.
"Don't tell me… The barrier was breached? There are a hundred of
them!"
"It seems that way."
Luber had overlooked one thing—the master of this dream was Ymir, who
possessed Ultima.
"We need to run—now!"
Without taking his eyes off the sea, Luber shook his head.
"Stay calm.
It's true that the boundary of the 1.5th layer has been breached.
But Ymir hasn't entered.
Not even Ultima allows one to freely invade another's mind."
"Then why?"
"… Because of the level of persuasion.
If ten billion people agreed on something, would the one person left
have the strength to firmly say, 'No'?
"But you're strong too, Luber."
"Yes. And this is the result.
I was persuaded by the slightest of margins."
Monga's eyes finally changed.
"What method of persuasion was used?"
"Empathy.
Accepting and recognizing this world.
That was the proposal, and ten billion people approved it…
"And those hundred people are the result."
One person per hundred million Ultima.
Even though only a small gap had opened in the 1.5th layer, it was
undeniable that it had been breached.
"For now, let's go."
As Luber headed toward the shore, a hundred transformed Easterners
landed on the beach.
The leader gave a command.
"Check our numbers."
"Current count: 100 men. We've lost 132."
Luber asked,
"Who are you?"
The leader stepped onto the white sands and replied,
"We are Tamo—a syndicate that deals weapons across the world.
Our shipwrecked, and we lost many of our men."
'Shipwreck.'
A systemic parameter.
"This place looks… pretty nice.
We could make a real profit here."
Luber's eyes narrowed.
'They've compromised with my world, so they can't do whatever they
want.
But their footwork…
That was a combat protocol.
'If they expand their influence, they could destroy this world from
within.'
The depths of the unconscious—Ymir's instincts knew how to win.
As the Tamo syndicate entered the city, Luber finally turned to look at
Shirone.
"It's been three years.
Have you been well?"
There was no response.
'As expected…
He still lacks the will to engage in deep thought.
But this is a clear turning point.'
The proof was that his body had moved.
'He has begun to accept this world even more.
Now, he will have to eat.
He will begin to age.'
Perhaps Shirone knew.
'Ymir's consciousness has invaded.
The world, built upon the compromise of all, has begun to
fracture.'
The compromise was breaking.
'In other words, dissatisfaction.
The change in the Five Stars is a reaction to that.'
Change stems from dissatisfaction.
Thus, as the Tamo syndicate grew, Shirone and his comrades would awaken
even further.
Luber asked,
"Five Stars, do you want to go home?
Or if you prefer, you can stay by the sea."
"… No."
There was no longer a need to cling to the sea.
"Let's go home."
Three months later.
Shirone had been left in Sein's care.
"The Five Stars has cast himself adrift in an endless sea, waiting for
something to reach him. Please be patient and watch over him."
That was what Luber had said.
Sein, an architectural designer, mostly worked from home, while Miro
attended school.
"Fresh fish for sale!"
Meanwhile, Gaold was selling the fish that Kangnan had caught from the
sea at the market.
His workplace was in an area where narrow streets, like a maze,
stretched beneath fortress-like buildings.
Under the dim neon lights, Gaold watched people passing by and slammed
his knife down on the cutting board.
"Damn it. Not a single customer."
As he lit a cigarette, a familiar voice spoke from below the fish
tanks.
"That's because you're smoking. What kind of customer would buy fish
handled by someone with cigarette-stained hands?"
It was Miro, now twelve years old.
Her face was still round with youth, but she had grown taller, and her
figure was beginning to develop.
"What are you looking at?"
Gaold, his eyes half-lidded, took a deep drag from his cigarette before
blowing out a puff of smoke.
"Why? Can't I look?"
"What the hell? Are you even sane?"
Gaold burst into laughter.
"Come on, you've heard from your dad. In another world, you and I
apparently had something going on."
Miro stuck out her tongue in disgust.
"Who would believe that? Even Shirone hasn't said anything about
it."
Gaold let out a bitter laugh.
Why had Miro wanted to live in this world while forgetting
everything?
"Also, I don't like you, old man. You're more than thirty years older
than me, and you talk about weird stuff. Ugh, gross."
Even so, Miro visited his stall every day.
"Take some fish with you. Not sure if that guy is actually feeding you
properly."
Just as Gaold bit down on his cigarette and was about to chop off a fish
head, a shadow loomed over the cutting board.
"Hey, business going well?"
Without moving his head, Gaold shifted only his eyes upward.
Tamo Syndicate.
A gang that had taken control of the back-alley shops since entering the
city three months ago.
"Do I look like I'm doing well?"
As he handed over some cash, one of the gang members counted it and
spoke.
"You know the drill, right? Shops in the merchant alliance are paying an
extra ten percent starting this month."
"I'm not doing that. I don't have the patience for this crap…"
For a struggling shop, losing an extra ten percent was a serious
blow.
"I know. Just saying—be careful."
As the gang member stuffed the money into his pocket and walked away, he
suddenly reached out and pinched Miro's cheek hard.
"Ow! Do you wanna die?!"
"Haha! I like that fiery attitude. You're gonna break a lot of men's
hearts when you grow up."
"You son of a—"
Gaold held her back.
"Let it go. If you mess with them, you won't even find your bones
afterward. Take this and go home. Your dad's waiting."
"Aren't you even mad? They're ripping you off, paying you half for fish
that Kangnan worked hard to catch!"
"There are things in this world you don't understand."
Deep in the market's alleys, there were countless unmarked shops.
A weapons black market.
Hitting just one of them would be enough to arm the merchant alliance
for a fight.
"You're such a coward! Idiot!"
As Miro ran off down the alley, Gaold snuffed out his cigarette against
the fish's eye.
"… Who said I wasn't pissed?"
Dream or reality—whichever was real, dedicating himself to one would
allow him to achieve something.
But…
'I don't know.'
Gaold was still lost in the boundary between reality and dreams.
'It's not my fault.'
Before the Tamo Syndicate arrived, the only reality was the one he
believed to be a dream.
'Sometimes, I get headaches. Like reality is forcing itself into my
brain. And worse…'
Even the emotions felt vivid.
Miro.
He wanted to hold her right now.
If she weren't in the form of a twelve-year-old girl, he wouldn't have
been able to suppress his emotions.
"… This is driving me crazy."
"Idiot! Spineless jellyfish! Moron!"
Still fuming, Miro slammed the door open as she got home and
shouted.
"Dad! I'm getting revenge!"
"Revenge?"
Sein, who had been looking over a blueprint, took off his glasses and
turned his chair around.
"The Tamo Syndicate! Those bastards humiliated me!"
"I told you not to go to the shop. That's no place for a kid."
Sein reached out to take the fish, but Miro tossed them into the trash
can instead.
Arius smacked his lips in disappointment.
"Tch."
"Don't eat that stuff! That old man is just trying to get on my good
side. You should see the way he looks at me—it's disgusting."
"Maybe you're right. Let's say your story is true. But then why do you
keep going there?"
"Huh?"
Miro shifted her gaze and protested.
"Well… it's like a loose tooth that feels like it's about to fall out. I
hate it, but I can't stop messing with it."
Sein had no response.
"Oh, right. About my revenge—I have a great idea. I accomplished
something amazing!"
Miro quickly changed the subject, rushing into her room and returning
with a glass marble.
"What are you going to do?"
"Dad, watch closely. You're gonna be shocked."
Sitting on the floor, Miro placed the marble down and reached her hands
toward it.
"Hnnng… It's not working. One more time…"
Sein had been watching her absentmindedly.
Then, his eyes suddenly widened.
"It's working! Dad, do you see this?"
The marble was floating in the air, despite her not touching it.
A chilling thought ran through Sein's mind.
This… this wasn't something they had compromised on.
"Miro!"
"Wah!"
The marble dropped, and Sein rushed to her, grabbing her shoulders and
shaking her.
"Where did you learn this? How did you do it?"
She had never seen her father look so frightened in all twelve years of
her life.
"I just… thought it looked fun."
"Tell me!"
"I-I learned it from Shirone!"
The moment the words left her lips, Sein bolted upstairs, kicking open
the attic door.
"Shirone! You—"
Sein froze in place.
Miro, arriving late, looked up at the ceiling and gasped in awe.
"Whoa."
At the center of the room, Shirone sat with his eyes closed.
And every object in the room was floating weightlessly around
him.