Chapter 118:
An Unexpected Guest (3)
Since becoming a disciple of the melody pianist Merhen, her skills had improved by leaps
and bounds.
Her sensitivity had sharpened to the extent of detecting even the slightest changes in
air pressure through Schema, and her fingers were leaping over the piano keys at a speed invisible to the
eye.
Reina's performance, even acclaimed by the royals, was magnificent.
But it was nothing but murderous noise to Rian, who had often lost sleep to those sounds
since childhood.
"Damn it, the witch has gotten stronger. But that won't kill a human."
Reina seemed oblivious to everything but the sound of her performance.
The pout of her lower lip was a clear sign of her intense concentration.
Her hair was disheveled, possibly from staying up all night, and her eyes were bleary.
Wearing only panties, her thighs were fully exposed.
In fact, she had been playing the piano for 17 hours straight.
She was struggling with a famously difficult requiem from the continent, having hit a
recent snag.
For an artist, a barrier is both a curse and a blessing, as it often appears right before
a significant improvement in skill.
In such cases, Reina often stayed up all night for days, overcoming these barriers.
Rian glimpsed a new hope.
If he could sneak into the room undetected and gather his things, he could escape through
the window or break down the wall if necessary.
"Okay, stay calm. I'm going back home."
Rian slowly moved along the blind spot of the grand piano.
The plan would be a resounding success if he could just make it to the stairs.
Of course, Reina was perched right on top of his head.
The moment Rian's eyes lit up with hope, Reina abruptly stopped playing, as always.
"Ah, damn it."
Without even shifting her gaze, Reina spoke.
"You, what have you been doing since a while ago? Do they teach you how to be a
clown at the swordsmanship academy these days?"
"Tch, if you saw, you should at least pretend you knew. And what's with that look? A
grown maiden playing the piano in her panties? Don't insult art."
"You're provoking me again, huh? You really haven't had enough yet."
Despite her threatening words, Reina started by picking up her skirt.
Only her family knew that the more stressed she got during practice, the more clothes she
took off.
"Kekeke, even in front of your brother, you feel embarrassed, huh? Ouch!"
The moment Rian burst into laughter, Reina's foot struck his face.
Despite his diligent training, Rian was still unable to react in time.
"Damn. What the hell are you doing? Ptooey!"
As Rian spat out, Reina extended her hand.
"Give it here, your report card."
Rian's face stiffened.
What he feared had finally come.
"Why the heck are you so obsessed with my report card? I'm grown up now. Ouch!"
Reina yanked his ear as she shouted.
"You're not giving it? Want to die today?"
"Alright, alright! Here, here!"
Rian pulled the report card from his pocket and threw it on the floor.
Then he ran off to his room without looking back.
"Ugh! That kid really hasn't had enough. When will he ever grow up."
Reina picked up the report card and unfolded it.
Scores for training subjects were listed in order, with the total number of students and
his overall ranking at the end.
Reina's hands trembled as she saw the ranking.
Last place!
Not just second to last, but actually dead last.
'Impossible. He tries hard even if he's pathetic.'
Reina turned the report card over to check the comments from the dedicated teacher.
Her eyes widened in shock as she read.
"We regret to inform you that your child has finished the semester with the lowest
grades.
Currently, Rian believes he has opened his Schema, but the teachers have concluded it's
merely a placebo effect from increased physical strength.
This phenomenon, known as 'Imaginary Schema', is extremely rare but can occur. Your warm
attention as a family is needed at this time."
"Oh, really! I can't live like this!"
Reina crumpled the report card and stormed up the stairs in a huff.
Bursting into the room, she saw Rian, hunched like a bear, gathering his things.
"Hey! You're at the bottom!"
"Ah, I don't know. That's how it turned out."
"And what's this about an 'Imaginary Schema'? What does that even mean? Like some...
imaginary pregnancy or something?"
"Seems like it."
Rian responded as if it was someone else's problem, continuing his task.
He had become detached from all worries the moment he revealed his report card.
Reina, boiling with anger, glared at Rian.
Unable to hold back, she started hitting him mercilessly on the back.
"Ugh, you, burn! Die, die!"
"Ow! It hurts!"
"Is it that hard? Just open the Schema!"
"I don't know! What can I do if it doesn't work? I did my best. Anyway, I'm going,
move. I might miss the carriage."
"Going where? Stick to the house! I'm going down with grandfather as soon as this is
over, so you're coming with us then!"
"No! I have a promise!"
"A promise? What promise could you possibly have? Do you still want to play after
seeing these grades?"
Rian nearly blurted out about Shirone in his frustration.
But he held back at the last moment. It was something he couldn't ever tell Reina.
It was about a double date.
If Reina heard that Shirone was going with a girl, she would definitely find a way to
stop him.
'This ugly witch is just full of jealousy.'
Initially, he had hoped that Shirone and his sister would get along, but now he felt the
opposite.
A calm and collected woman was far more suited for Shirone than this witch.
"What's the promise? Speak up quickly."
"It's with a girl. We agreed to hang out."
"A girl? What girl could you be meeting while attending a swordsmanship
academy?"
"There are girls there too. Elzain Tess, you know the Elzain family, right? She's
their daughter."
Reina was familiar with the Elzain family, who had long been prominent in diplomatic
circles.
However, it was hard to imagine a girl from such an elite family going on a trip with her
brother, who was the lowest-ranking student at school.
"Where are you making up these stories? Tell me the truth! You have some other
ulterior motive, don't you?"
"Leave me alone! I'm leaving now!"
Ignoring Reina's nagging, Rian seized the opportunity and quickly got up to run away.
"Hey! Aren't you going to stop?"
By the time Reina stepped outside the door, Rian was already racing down the second-floor
stairs toward the entrance.
Although she could catch up to him by activating her Schema, Reina, looking annoyed,
chose not to pursue Rian.
She had been babysitting Rian since they were children and was confident she could handle
him from even 100,000 ri* away.
*A ri is a unit of measure, it's about how far a person can walk in an hour at a
reasonable pace. It clocks out at roughly 3.93 kilometers.
"Hehe. Go ahead, hurry to the carriage. Let's see who gets there faster."
Reina waved the report card behind the fleeing Rian.
***
After saying goodbye to his friends, Shirone walked towards the carriage sent by the
Ogent family. Deputy Butler Temuran from the main house was there to meet him. Temuran, who had been strict
with Shirone while organizing the Grand Library, still had the same stern impression even after half a year.
However, his attitude was quite different now. He greeted Shirone with a polite bow and a kind smile.
"It's been a long time, Young Master. You've done excellently."
"It's been a while, Deputy Butler."
Initially, Shirone found it awkward to be addressed as "Young Master," but it
no longer bothered him after half a year. It still felt a bit embarrassing, though.
The two chatted on the way to Shirone's home, especially about how the people of the
Ogent family were doing.
"Wow, Rai has already passed the official examination?"
Rai Ogent, Rian's elder brother, had passed the official examination. As a 10th-grade
swordsman, he couldn't afford much leisure and was having hectic days at the forefront.
"Yes. Moreover, Lady Reina has been promoted to the leader of the 7th Music Band at
the royal palace. The head of the family is still busy with public duties, and the elder will soon retire
and return to his hometown."
"Ah, I heard there's an eldest brother in the Ogent family. What does he do?"
"Um, I am not at liberty to speak on that matter. Just know he's a 6th-grade
official swordsman. It would be best not to bring up the eldest son in the main house."
"Ah, I see."
Considering the Ogent family's nature, they didn't seem like a family that would have
conflicts. Still, if it was a topic to be avoided, it might be a political matter.
"Is Rian doing well? I'll see him soon anyway."
Temuran's response was the shortest so far.
"He hasn't contacted us for half a year."
"Hahaha! That's so like Rian."
During their pleasant conversation, the carriage entered the woods.
Shirone opened the window to enjoy the scenery of his hometown. The colorful forest
seemed to welcome his return.
The carriage entered the yard of Shirone's house, the very place where Temuran had come
to fetch him before.
"Thank you for the ride. I'll visit again soon."
"It was merely my duty. Have a good time."
Shirone turned with excitement in his heart. The sight of the humble but familiar log
house brought fresh emotions.
'Thank you. I'll be filial during the vacation.'
As he approached the house, thoughts of his parents filled his mind more and more. His
mother, who had endured so much, and his father, who hadn't hesitated to kneel to send him to the magic
academy.
Shirone opened the door, shouting with emotion.
"Mom! Dad!"
"Hahaha! Right, right! Beer goes best with pork!"
"Does Father think so, too? I find beer doesn't go well with lamb."
"Exactly. Lamb has a gamey taste that ruins the flavor of the drink. Come on, let's
have another drink!"
Shirone stood dumbfounded, looking at the living room.
He was surprised by the festive atmosphere, but what really shocked him was the burly boy
sharing drinks with Vincent. Rian had grown taller and cut his hair short, but his robust appearance was
unmistakably Rian.
"Shirone! You're here!"
Rian jumped up. But Vincent was the fastest to rush over.
As Vincent embraced him, the smell of alcohol was overwhelming. He must have drunk quite
a lot.
"My son! Are you hurt anywhere?"
"Uh, you stink with alcohol. What's going on? Why is Rian here?"
"He's been staying for two days to see you. He helped with chopping wood and went
hunting with me. Wasn't it fun, Rian?"
"Hahaha! Of course, Father! A true man should know how to hunt!"
Shirone was dumbfounded. The father he knew wouldn't casually interact with a noble's
child.
What kind of camaraderie had developed over two days that led to an early drinking
session between the two?
Shirone, escaping from Vincent's booze-scented embrace, shouted at Rian.
"You were out of touch, right? Did you stop by your house before coming here?"
"No, why go to the main house? This is where my lord lives. Isn't that right,
Father?"
"Stop joking! What trouble have you caused now?"
"What trouble could I have caused?"
Rian pretended ignorance, but his face said it all. It wasn't that he didn't go home; he
couldn't.
Shirone sighed and entered the living room.
'Ah, this is not what I expected...'
His anticipated family reunion had turned into a drinking session. However, seeing his
father's thinner appearance, he felt relieved that he could at least prevent him from crying.
"Ah, Shirone, you're here. Come here, my baby."
Olina embraced Shirone with her warm arms.
Indeed, the only thing reliable in the world seemed to be his mother. Finally, Shirone
could share the greeting he had longed for.
"Mom, you must have had a hard time while I was away. I'm sorry."
"What hard time? The Ogent family helped a lot."
Olina patted Shirone's back while casting a sidelong glance at Vincent, displeased with
him being drunk when his son had returned after six months.