Chapter 122:
New Meetings (2)
"Hehe, so this boy makes my daughter nervous? The unshakable Amy of the Karmis
family."
Although the Karmis family was known for its open-mindedness, Amy's personality was
exceptionally bold. It wasn't just her noble status that allowed her to subdue gangs since her childhood.
Her brothers seemed to think the same as they stared intently at Shirone. They felt a
twinge of jealousy, thinking that their sister, who never listened to them, was now paying attention to an
outsider.
"Here is Ares, my second older brother. And what he does is..."
Amy, seemingly curious, asked instead.
"What exactly do you do, brother?"
"Hahaha! I'm an explorer. I excavate ruins and create maps while traveling through
uncharted territories. My notable works include the Dragon's Nest in the Alphones Mountains and the Crystal
Caves at the northern limit of the Corona Kingdom."
"Ah, I see. I know about the Alphones Mountains."
Known as a habitat for various dragons, the Alphones Mountains were filled with danger
and adventure, often featured in literary works.
Rian had once mentioned while reading a novel titled 'Knight of the Dragon', that he
wanted to visit the Alphones Mountains.
"That's really impressive. I heard it's a very dangerous place."
"There's always a risk in romance. I'm satisfied with my job. The pay is good if I
succeed in mapmaking. Amy seems to dislike it, though."
"Just shave that beard for once. You're not unemployed, yet you lock yourself up at
home and don't go out for months."
"Don't be too harsh. Anyway, I'll be joining an expedition team and won't be back
for two years. I've been waiting to see my beloved sister's face till now."
"Hmph..."
Amy turned her head away, dismissing the idea. Shirone chuckled. Despite her complaints
about him being unemployed, she was actually worried about her adventurous brother.
Family members couldn't help but worry when his adventures often took more than a year,
leaving them uncertain about his life or death.
"Still, I think it's cool. I'd love to go on such an adventure someday."
"Once you get into it, you can't get out. It's something ordinary people can't
experience in their lifetime. Come find me after you graduate. I'll get you into an expedition team."
"Oh, stop it! Stop filling his head with ideas and leave if the introductions are
done."
As Amy dismissed them, her family began bombarding them with questions. The interesting
part was just beginning, and they couldn't possibly leave without starting it, could they?
"But what about Amy do you like? You didn't cross the line set by the adults, did
you?"
"Uh? No, that's not..."
"What's your approach with Amy? She's not easy to deal with. Did you sweet-talk her?
Or did you man up and sneak a kiss in a secluded place?"
Amy's eyes blazed red.
"Didn't I tell you to leave?"
In a rush, the room was suddenly empty except for Amy. They had fled so hastily that the
door was still shaking.
'I guess that's her personality at home.'
The contrast to the previous chaos was stark with the room now eerily quiet.
Having missed his chance to speak, Shirone awkwardly looked around the room, feeling
embarrassed.
Amy, pretending to drink her tea, hid her face and fell into thought. The awkwardness was
enough to make her sweat.
'Why the hell did this guy come?'
She had nothing to say. Even if there was an important matter, Shirone coming to her
house was totally unexpected.
"What? If you've come, speak up! You didn't come just because you're bored."
Shirone shifted his gaze from the scenery back to Amy.
"Ah, actually, I have a favor to ask. But now that I'm here without prior notice, I
feel it's rude. I apologize to your family."
"It's fine. What's so bad about visiting a friend's house? But what's this favor you
mentioned?"
"Do you... have time to hang out? Like going to Galliant Island?"
Amy froze, still holding her teacup. The suggestion was beyond her expectations and
imagination. Shirone asking to hang out first. And with a girl. To an island, no less.
"So, you mean, you and I should go to the island together?"
"Actually, there's this friend, Rian. He suggested it first. He said he's bringing a
friend along, so I need a friend to accompany me too. So, it's going to be the four of us."
"Ho? Is this friend Rian is bringing... a girl?"
"It seems so. Huh? How did you know?"
Amy swallowed her tea without responding, quickly processing the situation in her mind.
'So it's basically a couple's trip. That sneaky Rian. Wait, a couple's trip?'
A cold sweat ran down Amy's back.
'He's taking me there? Why?'
Shirone, who had been unmoved even during their pretend relationship, suddenly proposing
a couple's trip was baffling. If it was just to make up numbers, he wouldn't have asked her.
The Advanced Class, being the final competition of the magic academy, required intensive
study even during holidays.
Knowing this better than anyone, Shirone must have had a special reason to come to her
house and ask for this favor.
"What's the reason for taking me? You have friends in the Advanced Class, right? You
know I'm in the advanced class, right? And how much other advanced class students train during the holidays.
Then why me, of all people?"
Amy asked the question but was afraid of the answer. It couldn't possibly be what she was
thinking.
Yet, it could be. Her hand trembled slightly as she brought the teacup to her lips.
"Amy, I can't think of anyone but you."
"Pffft!"
Amy spat out all the tea she was drinking. Shirone, sprayed with the tea, had a dazed
expression like someone caught in a sudden shower.
"What are you even saying all of a sudden! You idiot, dummy!"
Amy yelled as she wiped her mouth with her sleeve. Her face red as a persimmon, she
hurriedly left her seat to fetch a towel.
"Clean yourself up with this! It's disgusting, really!"
"...You're the one who spat on my face. Anyway, continuing our conversation, do you
remember Miro, whom I mentioned before?"
"Miro? The founder of the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group? You said you
met her during the Immortal Function, right?"
"Right. I have a hypothesis that the Immortal Function is related to superluminal
speed. So, I wanted to learn more about her. The headmaster said it would be okay to investigate the Kergos
Ruins, so I was thinking of going there since Rian suggested it."
Amy finally regained her composure. The Kergos Ruins on Galliant Island were a famous
site and tourist attraction.
"Aha, so you want to investigate it together?"
"I don't think it will be dangerous. But from what the headmaster said, it's not
just a simple tourist spot. I would feel more at ease if you came along."
Since Rian proposed a double date, the partner had to be female. But even apart from
that, Amy was the strongest person Shirone knew among his friends.
Her unique abilities as a Red-Eye were a tremendous advantage, but her skills honed
through daily competition with strong opponents had firmly placed her in the middle rank of the graduation
class. She was capable of navigating any danger.
"Hmph! Of course! I'm in a different league than those supernatural whatever
kids."
"No, I didn't mean it that way, but anyway."
Shirone awkwardly smiled, trying to smooth over the situation. Amy knew too well that
Shirone wasn't the type to drag a friend into something just because they were strong.
Shirone had saved Amy from falling off a cliff. That special incident had strengthened
the trust between them.
That's why he could ask her. Requesting her companionship despite knowing the risks was
because of the bond they shared, having risked their lives together.
"So, that's what it is…"
Amy walked over to the window, lost in thought. The trip wasn't just the two of them, so
there was no pressure. In fact, she was rather excited to go.
There would be much to gain from this trip, but more than that, doing something with
Shirone seemed fun.
'That kid, he does have an eye for things. Alright, I owe him one, so this time I'll do
him a favor.'
Amy slowly turned around. Seeing Shirone's anxious face waiting for her response, she
couldn't help but smirk.
Regardless of the trip's purpose, it was essentially taking a girl out overnight. Even if
it was coated in sweet words, no girl would follow if the guy looked as tense as he did.
'He hasn't changed a bit since he was twelve.'
When will this kid grow up? Maybe all his growth energy was focused on magic.
Amy nodded cheerfully.
"Okay, let's go to the island."***
"Hello! I'm Tess, a friend of Rian!"
Tess greeted everyone heartily at the Ogent household. Next to her, Rian stood with a
nervous look.
The reason Rian had been holed up at Shirone's house was to use Tess as a shield to storm
his family home.
No parents would easily let their child, who came last in the swordsmanship academy,
relax.
But it was different with a friend, especially if that friend was the top student and a
model pupil from the swordsmanship academy. It was calculated to work.
"Hmm, I've heard about the fame of the Elzain house. How is your father doing?"
"He practices his sword every day without fail, even when he's stationed in the
occupied territories."
In truth, Tess didn't know or care how her father was doing.
But Rian's father, Bischoff, nodded as if it made sense.
"As expected of someone who made a name with the sword. I shall pay him a visit if I
get a chance."
Tess's father, Elzain Baron, was a master swordsman known as 'The Flash'.
If Ogent swordsmanship was brutal, Elzain's was chilling and sharp.
Which was superior depended on the wielder, but the pride in maintaining the tradition of
the sword was incomparable.
"Rian, unlike you, you've found a fine girl."
"We're not dating. She's a friend."
Tess shot a sharp glance at Rian. But what could she do? Thirsty people dig wells, and to
go on this trip with Rian, she had to endure.
"So, you want to go to Galliant Island for a vacation?"
"Yeah. I thought I was going to die at the swordsmanship academy. I need time to
recover physically and mentally. Oh, Shirone will be coming later too. We're leaving from here. Can I
go?"
"It's fine for you to go, but did you really work hard? Even with private tutoring,
you never listened, so it's hard to believe."
"Haha! I thought you might say that, so I brought this. I finally opened my
Schema!"
Rian proudly presented his proof. Though the report card was taken by Reina, he had the
certificate of passing the muscle strength test.
Although it was essentially useless paper since the placebo effect was revealed, Bischoff
had no choice but to believe it, not knowing the whole story.
"Hmm, you really passed. Congratulations."
Bischoff remained stoic as usual, but his voice trembled slightly.
Every parent worries more about their unsuccessful child. To have achieved Schema, which
he had struggled to succeed in, Bischoff must have been clenching his fists with pride.
"Now, keep your promise. The sword Grandfather said he'd give me once I mastered
Schema, I can take it now, right?"
"Of course. Now that you've opened your Schema, you should start learning the Ogent
swordsmanship. But where is your report card? You seem confident, so it must be good."