Chapter 133:
Priority (3)
"This is impossible..."
Gido was dumbfounded. He had never anticipated that the largest fixer on Galliant Island
would fall to a woman's strike.
Rian shook his head as he watched Tess dusting off her hands. Was there even a place for
a man to squeeze in here?
Elzain swordsmanship is known for its precise attacks. Trained to pierce vital points in
any situation, she was a technician capable of nullifying the difference in strength or size in an instant.
'Getting to the tip of the chin with minimal movement is impossible without murderous
concentration. Consider yourself lucky. If Tess had drawn her sword, you'd be dead already.'
Shirone stared blankly at the immobile fixer. Was this the movement of a swordsman that
paralleled a mage?
If Rian's physical strength was avant-garde, Tess's strike seemed like a perfect work of
art.
"Wow, that was really cool, Tess."
"Hehe! Was it okay? Shirone really has an eye for this. Unlike someone standing
right there."
Rian approached Gido, paying him little mind.
Gido was trembling with fear. When Rian grabbed his neck and lifted him, he made a final
struggle.
"Ugh! Do you know where you are?"
"I know, that's why I came. Does it look like we're playing hide and seek? Where's
Amy right now?"
"Damn it! Who's Amy? How would I know?"
"Should I stop your heart instead of killing you?"
"Damn it all! I really don't know! If you're so curious, find out yourselves!"
"This bastard!"
Rian's eyes blazed with anger. He was already anxious, and this was just adding insult to
injury. Didn't they have no time to search, hence their current actions?
Just as he was about to intensify the threats, Shirone approached.
"Rian, that's enough. What's the point in asking if he doesn't know?"
"Then what? Are we really going to go around every room?"
"No, we ask about what he knows."
"What he knows? Like what?"
Gido flinched as he locked eyes with Shirone.
It was a different kind of anger from Rian's. A chill surged, freezing his bones.
"Ask where Falcoa is."
* * *
Royal Tavern. Basement Level 1.
Those in the know called this place a temple. Of course, no god resided here. But
sometimes, one might see a god, due to the hallucinogenic effects induced by Lupe.
In the end, the 4th-floor VIP rooms were just for tourists who came based on rumors, but
the real deal was all underground.
The temple was a space for those addicted to pleasure, where various drugs circulated,
and the stimulant Lupe could be enjoyed without limit.
The temple was divided into 17 sections, and the total area was 1.5 times larger than the
first floor.
It was always full, but Room 4 was never open to guests because it belonged to Falcoa,
the team leader of the Freeman organization and the boss of the Royal Tavern.
"So I asked him. Do you want to be buried after you die, or die after you're buried?
You know what he said?"
"Ehehe, what did he say, boss? What did that guy say?"
Falcoa screamed as if dying.
"Please~ save me!"
"Ahahaha! I'm dying of laughter! Please~ save me!"
Falcoa's men burst into laughter, pounding on the table. But Zis couldn't understand it
at all.
'Crazy bastards. What's so funny about this? They're out of their minds.'
"Oh dear, why aren't you drinking?"
Zis didn't even make eye contact with his partner, just shaking his head. Drinking here
felt like he'd never see tomorrow's sunrise.
Zis discreetly turned to look at Falcoa's partner. Amy, whom he had brought along, was
sitting there.
Of course, she didn't understand Falcoa's sense of humor either and just stared blankly
ahead with an indifferent face.
'Really impressive. I'm scared to death, but her expression doesn't change at all.'
Normally, a woman, especially a young girl, would tremble with fear in such a threatening
situation surrounded by violent gang members. But there was not a hint of tension on Amy's face.
'Ah, it's noisy. I'm bored. I want to go back.'
Amy moistened her lips with the drink in front of her. As a noble, she was taught about
liquor, but she wasn't inclined to enjoy it and didn't usually drink. At most, she sipped enough to cover
the bottom of the bottle out of boredom.
But the alcohol still made her feel light-headed, leading her into a somewhat sentimental
state.
'What am I doing here?'
Of course, she had come along out of pity for Zis. But upon reflection, that didn't seem
to be the only reason.
'He must have returned by now, right?'
Why was Shirone late? Perhaps he was caught up in another needless commotion.
From Shirone's omniscient point of view, how many unfortunate people could there be in
the world?
'Hehe, did I want to imitate that?'
Thinking about it, her reason for coming here wasn't much different.
She had heard the screams of a ruffian at the harbor, begging for his life. Of course, he
didn't seem completely down and out.
The mood at the drinking party grew more heated. The more it did, the more irritated Amy
became.
She could easily show her power and leave if they were forceful, but contrary to
expectations, Falcoa behaved with manners.
'What are you thinking? Should I make the first move instead?'
While Amy was lost in such thoughts, Falcoa was also aware of her, wearing a sinister
smile.
'I can hear the wheels turning in her head from here.'
Amy must be a high noble. There was an inherent nobility about her that couldn't be
compensated for by mere appearance.
But Falcoa was at ease. He had the ultimate weapon to subdue nobility.
Indeed, with this, even a king would kneel before him.
That was Lupe.
Even now, many high nobles had become slaves to Lupe in the temple.
Timing it right, gradually training them with Lupe, even the proudest noble couldn't
withstand it.
"Come, come. Let's toast, to a toast!"
At that moment, a crashing sound came from beyond the plank, followed by the shouts of
the staff.
"What the! Ugh!"
"Hey! Stop them! That's the boss's room!"
The door burst open, and three people entered.
Zis stood up in shock upon recognizing the faces of the intruders. They were Amy's
friends from the harbor.
Falcoa's expression soured immediately. He could forgive troublemakers if they paid up
several times over, but an intrusion into his temple, his territory, was a matter of pride.
"What's this? What's going on?"
As Falcoa spoke in a voice devoid of any humor, his direct subordinates jumped to their
feet. Seeing their temper, the women around started to discreetly move away.
"Shirone? How did you find this place?"
Amy asked, her eyes wide in surprise.
But Shirone postponed his answer. An unbearable itching sensation was crawling up his
spine.
The man sitting arrogantly at the high seat, legs crossed, must be Falcoa. He didn't look
like a monster, but it was clear at a glance he was not normal.
'He's strong, that man...'
It's easy to show a killing intent. If you truly intend to kill, even an ordinary person
can intimidate others. But it's not easy to subtly exude a faint killing intent as if it's barely there.
Only a professional killer could emit such an aura.
'Amy...'
Why was Amy sitting next to such a person?
Instead of tea or coffee, which she preferred, there was a glass of alcohol in front of
her. The floor was dirty, the air was stale. Nothing she had in her room was here.
Therefore... she wasn't here of her own will.
"Let's go back, Amy."
Amy felt a surge of emotion. After all this time, the only thing he had to say was
"Let's go back, Amy."? He was nowhere to be seen when she was waiting, and now he has this bold
attitude?
Amy was angry at herself for being glad to see Shirone just moments ago. From what
perspective was Shirone looking at her now? From the height of a human, or from the high heavens?
This wasn't what she wanted. That's why she didn't want Shirone's help. She could leave
right now if she wanted to.
"You, you guys! Do you know where you are, barging in here!"
All the tavern's staff rushed over. But none dared to enter Falcoa's lair, as if it were
the den of a fearsome demon.
Shirone was astounded. A boss that even his underlings feared. How deep and dark was this
man's evil?
Falcoa spoke lazily, as if annoyed.
"What are you? Do you know what happens when you enter a room without my
permission?"
"We came to take Amy. Let her go."
"Pfft, sounds like a kidnapping. Even nobles need to be careful, especially in
places like this."
Shirone's guess was correct. This place was a lawless zone under the protection of the
island's government.
"What are you waiting for? Send these kids back."
"Where should we send them back to, boss?"
Falcoa exhaled sharply and said,
"To hell."
Falcoa's direct subordinates started to advance, loosening up their bodies. They were on
a different level compared to the staff they had passed by.
Tess drew her sword, readying herself, and said,
"Shirone, be careful. All of these guys are Schema users."
A light flashed in Shirone's eyes. Tess had a keen eye, so it must be true.
Of course, most students at the swordsmanship school could open their Schema. But it was
strange that not a single thug living on this island lacked the ability to use Schema.
'Who is this person? How can a mere tavern owner command such skilled individuals?'
Shirone stared straight at the underlings blocking the way. At that moment, an
overwhelming emotion struck Shirone's heart.
"Ugh!"
"Shirone, be careful! It's Pressure!"
There are many abilities related to the 'eye techniques' in the Schema perception, but
Pressure was among the most common.
It was intuitive and useful in real combat because it was easy to master if one knew how
to release their emotions outward.
Shirone wasn't flustered. He realized it was the same technique used by Adel, the head
butler of the Karmis family, the moment the opponent's hostility pressed down on him.
But the quality of the emotion was different. If Adel's Pressure was meant to overpower,
theirs was solely to take life.
Rian gripped the hilt of his straight sword and took a step forward.
"How dare you!"
"Rian! Wait!"
Shirone shouted, and Falcoa's men looked at him in surprise. It was Pressing from 10
people at once; normally, it would have stopped one's heart, not just halted speech.
But Shirone still stood, a faint smile on his lips.
Amy was the only one who understood the situation.
'Indestructible. In a way, it's a power that rivals my Red Eye.'
Pressure couldn't sway Shirone. Maybe it could, but not at their level.
Shirone began to walk slowly. As if pushed by the atmosphere, the underlings stepped back
with the same pace.
It wasn't easy for Shirone to emit emotions either.
It was the pressure injected by 10 veterans who had experienced countless battles.
It's impossible to put a value on emotions, but it felt like waiting for a carriage to
run over you with your hands and feet tied to the ground.
More precisely, it was the terror of the moment when the carriage arrived right in front
of you, and the massive wheels filled your entire field of vision.
In reality, the fear would last only 0.1 seconds because death awaited, but Shirone was
experiencing the same emotion for over 20 seconds.