Chapter 202:
Era of Turbulence (2)
Only Arin, who had had the Meta Gate taken from a very close range, was
looking down at her empty hands without understanding the situation. It was as if she didn't even
realize that the fallen angel was standing right next to her.
"Hm, is this a Meta Gate? It's prohibited even for the divine subjects.
Not bad for heretics."
Arin's face turned pale upon hearing Ikasa's voice.
They had been over 30 meters away. How could the Meta Gate have been
snatched from her?
Furthermore, picking up an object while moving at high speed meant
accelerating it using only physical strength.
"Hmm, does this mean you came here with the Meta Gate? Surely you… Did
Miro send you?"
Shirone didn't respond. He instinctively felt that he shouldn't give him
any information.
"Huhu, if you don't want to talk, that's fine. I'll get the coordinates
by analyzing this anyway."
The Meta Gate was high-tech equipment of the Meca Clan. If it was
dismantled using Meca technology, it was possible to know at what coordinates it was recorded without
having to activate it.
Of course, Ikasa already had a hunch. The boy's action of stopping the
Elixir of Life ritual was a clear sign. They were surely from the despicable Miro's homeland.
Ikasa swayed her slender body as she walked past Shirone's group.
She was defenseless, but no one could do anything.
The place where Ikasa stopped was where the women were standing.
As the tall angel looked down, Amy began shrink in extreme fear.
However, she held her gaze, refusing to give in to the terror.
"Are you a virgin by any chance?"
Amy's face turned bright red. In terms of verbal assault, it was an
unfair blow.
"W- What?"
"Kakakak! So you are. What about you two?"
Ikasa asked, pointing alternately at Tess and Arin. The faces of the two
also turned red without exception.
"Hm, I see. Quite patient for humans, aren't you?"
Ikasa bent down and scrutinized Arin. Black hair, dark pupils, and a
white face reminiscent of moonlight.
"Hoo, you are from the eastern race. Very good."
Ikasa was satisfied. Initially, she came to vent her 20,000-year grudge
but unexpectedly obtained a significant gain.
The coordinates where Miro's hometown is recorded and the three girls.
At this level, there was a good chance of being promoted to angel again.
Ikasa rotated her halo, activating the angel's ability.
"H- Huh?"
As Amy, Tess, and Arin ascended into the air, a ball of light formed in
front of Shirone's eyes reflexively.
"No! Stop!"
At the same time as Photon Cannons rushed in, Canis and Harvest launched
a joint attack. Rian also charged with his greatsword.
Ikasa extended her slender fingers and drew them from left to right.
Then all the attacks were repelled by an invisible barrier.
Shirone shouted, unable to shake off his anxiety.
"Let the girls go! Come down and fight us!"
Ikasa looked at the group with disdain and then flew high into the sky
with the three girls.
Shirone felt like his heart was going to explode.
It shouldn't end like this. He couldn't bear it if the situation ended
so helplessly.
Ikasa, who had risen into the sky, accelerated her halo.
A burning vortex formed before her eyes, giving birth to a heavy mass.
It was an object with orange-colored bands crossing its black body, but it was not yet possible to guess
what shape it was.
"Tabu, kill the heretics. I am going to Cariel-nim."
"…Yes, Ikasa-nim."
Ikasa quickly disappeared into the northern sky. Amy's voice, calling
out to someone, trailed behind him.
Shirone looked up at the sky with a dazed expression. It didn't feel
real.
He hadn't come to Heaven without expecting danger. But he hadn't
expected to be so powerless.
'I... I was the one who suggested coming here.'
Shirone closed his eyes tightly.
It was his fault. He should have opposed coming to Heaven from the
start. He had thought they would be somewhat safe with the Meta Gate. It's a foolish illusion. Angels
were beings that transcended human imagination.
Kuuuuung!
The black mass crashed to the ground. Its surface was smooth enough to
look like a rock. However, when he straightened his crouched body, a figure resembling a gorilla stood
up.
Thin orange bands were symmetrically engraved on it, and the contrast of
colors was oddly nauseating.
A triangle floating above its head indicated it was some Mara. It was
much smaller than the Mara seen at Nors Shelter, but it didn't seem any less powerful.
"Kekeke! I am Tabu. It's been a while since I've had a fight, so let's
enjoy it."
Shirone and his friends took a fighting stance. However, by the time the
girl were taken away, their fighting spirit had fallen to its lowest point.
Tabu, whether aware of their feelings or not, seemed excited as he
crouched down.
"Though my power is restricted, it's still embarrassing to show
off..."
As the orange bands on Tabu glowed, an intense heat exploded
forth.
"It's more than enough for the likes of you."
Tabu kicked the ground and rushed at his word.
Rian rushed forward and swung his greatsword. Tabu neither dodged nor
blocked. He simply charged forward as if he couldn't see Rian, taking the sword strike head-on.
Bang! The impact sent Rian flying into the sky.
Tabu leaned back to look at Shirone upside down. And in that position,
he launched himself forward. The sight of an upside-down face approaching was disturbingly
strange.
Shirone cast Photon Explosion in response to an approach that went
beyond human common sense. A curtain of light struck Tabu, but it broke through as if unfazed.
"Kekekek, interesting magic."
Tabu's face was now right in front of Shirone's. Vertical orange lines
passed where eyes should have been, and his mouth was split like a crack, without even lips.
Photon Explosion emitted mass at a rapid speed of 20 times per second,
but Tabu seemed as if he was merely weathering a storm.
With his tongue hanging down to his solar plexus, he mocked
Shirone.
"Keke. Are you sad? Because your gril was taken?"
There was murderous gaze in Shirone's eyes. He had to get Amy
back.
Ironically, the moment he realized this, he erased Amy from his
mind.
As his focus intensified, the power of Photon Explosion
strengthened.
This time, even Tabu couldn't hold out. As he rode the Photon Explosion
away, he began to disrupt the battlefield with indescribable, bizarre movements.
Was it creative? No, it was primal.
Every time he approached with flexible movements like a monkey and
attacked as heavy as a rock, all Shirone and his friend could do was barely block it.
'Is this the power of a Mara?'
The sheer force might be less than that of Whirlwind Serpent, but if he
were to rank it, Tabu was much higher.
In terms of speed, strength, balance, and even combat intelligence, it
was superior to Whirlwind Serpent, which was only large in size.
If Ikasa hadn't lost her power, would this monster also have wielded a
nearly catastrophic level of strength?
The moment Tabu's fist flew towards Shirone, a Shadow Wall sprang up
from the ground.
Bang! A loud noise erupted from the other side of the shadow.
Tabu didn't withdraw his attack. He just kept pressing his fist madly
against the wall.
As his fist pierced through the Shadow Wall, it struck Shirone's
forehead.
The first barrier absorbed the impact, but the world still felt like it
was spinning.
Canis emerged from Shirone's shadow.
"A normal attack won't work. You need to unleash Immortal Function
now."
"What are you talking about? I already activated it."
Canis made an absurd expression. He knows best the power of Photon
Cannon cast in the Immortal Function state, having experienced it firsthand. And yet, it hadn't even
scratched Tabu?
"Is Laser impossible?"
"Wouldn't it be difficult? He's small and agile."
It takes over five seconds to concentrate the energy. It might work
against something big like Whirlwind Serpent, but against Tabu, whose movements were unpredictable, it
was a difficult tactic.
"But let's try it anyway. I'll hold him off; you attack then."
Canis cast the Power of Darkness. Shadows gathered like capillaries,
gripping Tabu's ankles, then climbing up to tightly bind his wrists.
Shirone's Laser hit Tabu, and his body gradually began to turn red. If
he stayed like this, no matter how durable, it was only a matter of time before he exploded.
"Kuhahahat! Satisfying! This ends here!"
As Tabu's thighs swelled and he leaped, the Power of Darkness that bound
his limbs tore apart like paper.
In an instant, his figure became a dot in the sky.
Was it still too much? The Power of Darkness was specialized for
engineering forces but wasn't physically strong. To hold Tabu, a much stronger binding force was
needed.
"Canis! Hold him off a little longer!"
Shirone decided to take a gamble with photon sculpting. Although it had
been deemed inefficient before, but the situation was different now that Shining Impact was
successful.
While Harvest was dealing with Tabu, Canis watched the sphere of light
gathering around Shirone.
Seeing that the intensity of the light was weak like the Shining Impact,
it seemed he was trying to reduce the vibration of the particles to attempt sculpting.
It was a good idea, but would it work?
- Even if you suppress the vibration, you can't grow it to a size that
can be sculpted. It eventually explodes like Shining Impact.
- No. It doesn't seem like compression?
At Harvest's words, Canis turned back.
What Shirone had shaped with the light sphere was a small ring, no
bigger than what you could make with your index finger and thumb.
'That bastard! No way…?'
An astonishing thought flashed through Canis's mind.
Surely, light magic isn't capable of precise sculpting like dark
magic.
However, the sculpting itself may not be impossible.
The ring of light Shirone created began to replicate itself over and
over again.
A shiver ran down Canis' spine as he watched the scene.
There it was, a form that could be made with photons.
Fractal Structure.
A fractal is something that forms a whole by replicating its own
shape.
Shirone came up with a method of gathering the smallest particles to
create the simplest form and then replicating it infinitely.
Once the shape was complete, producing more was instantaneous.
From the light sphere gathered between Shirone's palms, chains poured
out like a stream.
Since it is a method that reverses the properties, the consumption of
mental strength is bound to be more severe than that of ordinary magic, but it was the only strategy
that could be attempted against Tabu.
Tabu, who had been chasing Canis, sensed something was off and turned to
look at Shirone.
Around Shirone, chains dozens of meters long shimmered with
light.
This was the power of light, known as the power of angels. Among these
powers, light sculpting was the most difficult.
"What an insignificant human!"
Tabu roared and charged. Shirone, who faced him, also swung his arm and
threw the chain.
The chain, formed into a sphere, started wrapping around Tabu's body. It
started at the ankles, wrapped around the waist, and dug into the armpits. Then it coiled to his neck
and crossed at the chest, then wrapped around the thighs.
Clack! The sound of stone grinding could be heard.
Tabu's fist stopped just before hitting Shirone's nose. The trembling
fist represented his rage.
"Kuuuuhhh!"
Tabu couldn't move.
The rings of the chain, which had their own gravity, pulled each other
tighter, increasing the tensile strength.
Even with the slightest movement, it dug into the gap and
tightened.
Fairy Chief Ikirin watched in disbelief as Tabu was ensnared by the
light chains.
Who on earth is that child?
Even among angels who wield light, those who could perform light
sculpting were rare.
It was equally difficult for Canis to believe the situation.
This was no ordinary chain. It used fractal technology to form its shape
and employed mass to generate tensile strength.
It was on a different level from Shirone's magic so far. Magic
equivalent to Photon Cannon also exists in other magic system. The same was true for Laser and Photon
Explosion.
However, the magic of this chain was a domain unique to the divine
particle that could not be imitated by any other system.
- Unlocker's omniscience is evolving at an alarming rate. The magic
always defies common sense wherever it appears. Following Shining Impact, this time Shining
Chain?
Canis remained silent. While having a stronger ally was good for
retrieving their friends, his inherent combativeness felt a sense of defeat.
- Canis, your heart is racing. Don't worry too much. You came to Heaven
to become stronger. You can definitely surpass Shirone.
- Yeah, I have to surpass him someday. For now, let's focus on the
current situation.
Comforting himself with these thoughts, Canis walked towards the spot
where Tabu was tied up.