Chapter 203:
Era of Turbulence (3)
Mara was explained in chapter 192.
- "Those are Maras, the second entities of causality. They are also
known as the Upholder of Law."
- "Right, those are horns. But not actual horns, they're
thought-forms. The more horns they have, the higher their rank among Mara. They are given unique
abilities from birth. The source of that power is the horn."
---
"Arrrgh! This can't be! I can't be defeated by
this...!"
Tabu crouched down with all his might.
As his immense physical power strained against the chains, the
resistance was immediately transmitted to Shirone's brain.
It was a formidable force.
Shirone increased the tensile strength of Shining Chain with his
Indestructible Diamond.
Tabu's body stretched out, releasing a scream of rage as the chains dug
into his tough exterior.
"Keuaaaaa!"
The cost of resistance was high. The light chains broke through Tabu's
solid surface and burrowed in.
His limbs twisted grotesquely, and his back bent at an impossible angle,
as if it would break at any moment.
"Kukuku, kukukuku."
Tabu was dumbfounded.
Never in his life had he been in such a humiliating state. And to think,
it was caused by a mere human.
"Alright, you've got me. But what now? How long can you hold
out?"
Considering Tabu's durability, the only way to eliminate him was with
Laser. However, the problem was that no other magic could be cast while maintaining Shining
Chain.
Although Iruki could use Double Spirit Zone due to his unique cognitive
circuits, it was extremely difficult for a normal human to think of two things simultaneously.
Of course, there are rules that make exceptions, but most magic
inevitably involves delays.
For instance, no other magic could be cast during teleportation.
In particular, Shining Chain was a continuous magic that consumed mental
power in real time like Fire Wall, so it was impossible to attack Tabu with other magic.
"Where did you take my friends?"
"They've gone to the Angel's Resting Place to birth Nephilim.
Kukuku, too bad. They're not your children."
Shirone's eyes went bloodshot.
The word Nephilim didn't even register. He didn't know the details, but
he could tell something terrible was happening.
Tabu flicked his tongue from the root, wagging it.
"Kekeke! Give up! You, who are in trouble even with one Mara, will never
be able to save them. By now, those girls must be in a pitiful state... Ugh!"
As the chain of light tightened with great force, Tabu's neck bent as if
it were going to break.
Shirone's teeth ground together with a creaking sound.
"Watch your mouth. I won't let you off."
"Kuhahaha! Thrilling, isn't it? But how about listening a bit more?
This is an incredibly fun story! It's truly a forbidden fruit!"
Shirone pushed the tensile strength to its limit.
He didn't know where the limit was, but at that moment, he just wanted
to stop Tabu from speaking.
"Kuaahh!"
A scream erupted.
The irresistible force began to crush his body.
Tabu had a hunch.
This was his end.
"Don't get cocky. I'll be back. When human corruption reaches its
peak, I'll come for you! I will surely... Arrgh!"
Kkadeudeuk!
A chilling sound emanated from Tabu's entire body.
Unlike the breaking of human bones, it was the sound of solid rock being
crushed.
When Shining Chain vanished, only Tabu's mangled corpse remained. His
body was grotesquely twisted, like a clay doll crushed by hand.
Canis was shocked by the power of Shining Chain.
If Tabu could be crushed, it could easily crush any living being. Like a
rabbit caught in a trap, they have no choice but to be deprived of their right to life and death.
As soon as Tabu was annihilated, Shirone collapsed to the ground,
clutching the soil with both hands and trembling.
He felt no thrill from successfully casting the magic, nor any sense of
accomplishment from defeating Tabu. Amy, Tess, and Arin have been kidnapped. And it was said that they
were to give birth to Nephilim.
An overwhelming surge of fury pounded in his chest. It was the first
time he felt so disgusted with himself.
Peope flew to Shirone.
As a mage herself, she could roughly estimate the immense mental
strength required for Shining Chain.
"You… Are you okay?"
Peope gathered courage and asked, but Shirone didn't even respond.
Listening closely, she could hear him mumbling, "It's all my fault."
Irritated for no reason, Peope pointed a finger and scolded him.
"You idiot! Why did you make things so complicated? Even if he's a
fallen angel, his authority surpasses Shamain's laws. What will happen to the people of this district
now? It's all because of you..."
"Ahhhhh!"
Peope's shoulders jolted.
Shirone's face was a mess as he lifted his head.
Anger, frustration, and sadness were all mixed together, making him look
like someone falling off a cliff.
"Because of me… Because of me, Amy... Tess… Arin.... It's all
because of me."
Peope couldn't nag any more.
Shirone's eyes no longer had the light of the living. There was no trace
of the person who had denied Elixir of Life and shouted at Ikirin.
"The girls are safe. At least for now."
Shirone looked back at Ikirin. Unable to move due to the Price of False
Authority, she was lost in serious thought.
"Safe? How can you say they're safe?"
"The reason Ikasa took the women is because they are virgins. He
implants angelic information into the bodies of women who haven't borne children to conceive
Nephilim."
Canis said.
"Isn't that even more dangerous? Regardless of what you think,
humans value chastity."
"What you're worried about won't happen. Angels consider it
disgraceful to have relations with humans."
Rian said.
"Conversely, doesn't that mean it's possible? In the worst-case
scenario, there's no guarantee it won't happen."
"Possibility and probability are different. Angels are a
hermaphroditic species. So, while they can have relations with humans, they never do anything that would
tarnish their honor, no matter the situation."
Shirone regained hope from Ikirin's words.
If angels are rulers who uphold principles and beliefs, there is still a
chance for a rescue. Moreover, depending on the situation, Amy and the others may be able to create
variables.
Rian patted Shirone's shoulder.
"Shirone, how do you feel? Are you a bit calmer now? I've never
seen you so angry before."
"Sorry, I got too excited. I should have thought about rescuing our
friends first."
"It's okay. I wasn't in my right mind either."
Anyone would have felt the same. Just as Amy was precious to Shirone,
Tess was a dependable friend to Rian. Canis also had someone he absolutely had to protect.
'Arin...'
Canis' heart was burning like never before.
He had protected Arin even through the horrific life in Radum. Yet, she
was taken away so easily.
Why couldn't he have rushed at Ikasa immediately?
Because he had become weak. Thoughts of hope, a happy future, those
things had made his heart soft.
'Arin, just wait a little longer.'
Canis decided to return to the mindset of when he was a wild dog in
Radum. If given another chance, he planned to focus on destroying the enemy without hesitating to
sacrifice his life.
Shirone asked.
"Tell me. How do we get to Angel Haven?"
Peope responded in disbelief.
"What do you plan to do if you know? Are you really thinking of
going to rescue them?"
"Of course, I should go. Do you know how to get there?"
Of course, she knew how. Moreover, she had a rough guess as to where Amy
and her group were taken. But precisely because of that, he knew Shirone couldn't go. Angel Haven was a
place even Ikirin couldn't enter without permission.
"There's no way they'll let you in! Don't you get it? Whether you're
heretic or Nephilim, if you go there, you'll die!"
"You won't know unless you try."
Peope beat her chest in frustration. Shirone had defeated a strong enemy
named Tabu, but the angel was on a different level.
If they tried to charge in with the same level of skill that couldn't
even touch the fallen angel Ikasa, they would only die.
"Get a grip, you fool! The place you're trying to go is the Sixth
Heaven, Zebul! It's where real angels reside!"
Angels are strong. Not just stronger than anyone, but beings born at the
pinnacle of life forms.
But Shirone had to go to where they lived. Amy, his friends, were
waiting.
"Peope, if you were taken by someone, how scared would you
be?"
"What are you talking about, suddenly?"
"What do you think you'd be thinking? Wouldn't you desperately hope
someone would come to rescue you? Wouldn't you gather courage from the thought that your friends
wouldn't abandon you?"
Shirone bit his lip.
"Maybe we won't be able to save them. But we can't extinguish their
hope. If we give up here, there will be nothing left for those who were captured."
Peope couldn't accept it. No matter how beautifully you phrase it in
rhetoric, the fact that they would die doesn't change.
If everyone devoted themselves to their own death, the world would be
harmonious. Why do humans consider the impossible to be beautiful?
A Meccan man approached.
"Angel Haven is located in the Sixth Heaven, Zebul. Geographically,
it's right next to Shamain. However, you can't enter directly because it's five levels higher. You need
to go through the proper procedures, starting from the Second Heaven, which would take a few
days."
"We don't need procedures. How long would it take in a straight
line?"
"A straight line, huh. Crossing Heaven's barriers is impossible
anyway, but if you went straight from here to the Sixth Heaven, it would take about a day."
It was much farther than expected. Considering Ikasa's flight speed, he
would have already reached his destination by now.
In a situation where it was unclear whether Zebul would enter or not, a
one-day delay was tantamount to a death sentence for the girls.
"There is one way."
A man in his fifties walked over. Judging by his appearance and attire,
he was a Nors.
"Is there a way? What is it?"
"You go to the First District from here. It's the innermost
district in Shamain. Because it is close to the center of Heaven, you can shorten the time by entering
Zebul along the central road from there."
Heaven is divided into six segments like slices of a pie, centered
around Araboth. Therefore, the closer you are to Araboth, the shorter the arc length, which drastically
reduces travel distance.
"How long would it take to get to the First District from
here?"
"About 12 hours?"
Shirone became dejected again. Though shorter than a day, it was still
too far to try anything.
A smile appeared on the Nors's lips.
"If we go the normal way, that is. Within Shamain, there's a portal
managed by the Nors. By using the Spot of Light, you can reach the First District
instantly."
There was such a way. Shirone, who had used the Spot of Light to travel
in Purgatory, realized this was the only solution.
"Please take us there. Is there any other problem?"
"If I had to nitpick, it would be that it's strictly controlled by
the divine subjects. But I can sort that out for you, because I'm the controller who works
there."
Shirone trembled, not even having the presence of mind to laugh at the
joke. For the first time, he harbored hope.
Perhaps… perhaps he can save his friends.
Canya approached, crying.
"I'm sorry, Shirone. This is all because of my family. But... thank
you. Really..."
Shirone wiped away Canya's tears. As a result of denying the Elixir of
Life, his friends are in danger, but how could she blame the divine subjects?
Those in real power are invisible, hiding behind the system. Shirone
knew where the arrows of his anger should be directed.
"It's not your fault. I will definitely save my friends, so don't
worry."
"Wait!"
Lena came running from the crossroads of the square. She was holding
Signa and Exud, the Meca equipment.
"I brought these just in case. I thought they might
help."
Meca items are personalized with encryption, but the sword and shield
were public equipment, so anyone could use them.
Although lending them was forbidden by law, no one cared now that the
Elixir of Life had been broken.
Rian would need the equipment.
While mages have gimmicks to manipulate phenomena, which could create
variables in battles against strong enemies, swordsmen rely solely on straightforward combat power.
Thus, equipment played a significant role.