Chapter 204:
Era of Turbulence (4)
Rian took the Signa and Exud and examined them. It hurt his swordsman's
pride to rely on someone else's weapon, but he didn't want to argue about something like that while his
friend was being held captive.
"Thank you. But I might handle them roughly."
"It's okay. No, it doesn't matter if it breaks. Please, just save
unnies." (Unni/Eonni is older sisters)
Peope fell into thought.
Just a little while ago, the divine subjects were worried that their
life expectancy was decreasing day by day.
But what about now? Each person took risks to destroy the misfortune of
others.
Why does the law control humans?
To maintain population, control lifespans, and prevent them from leaving
Heaven. What kind of threat does an increasing human population pose to Ra?
"Are you really going?"
Peope couldn't understand herself asking this.
After meeting Shirone, everything changed. He was the chaos itself. As
if a chunk of rock thrown into the surface waters of heaven.
"You know I have no choice. I was grateful earlier. For avoiding
the fight. Actually, I didn't want to fight with you either. I think we might understand each other,
including the fact that you lightened Canya and Lena's sentences."
Peope tried hard to ignore Shirone's words. She didn't want to hear
about understanding each other.
How could a fairy and a human possibly understand each other?
"Please take good care of divine subjects from now on. If I return
safely, we can become closer friends."
Turning toward an uncertain future, Shirone moved away.
Peope's little heart pounded. Shirone's figure, following the Nors as he
walked away, appeared blurry, as if shrouded in fog.
"Then will you save me too?"
Shirone looked back at Peope. She hesitated but then mustered the
courage to ask again.
"If I get captured, will you come to rescue me? Because... if we're
friends."
Shirone said with a kind smile.
"Of course."
Peope lowered her head. Of course? If that's the case, Shirone would
die.
He was walking towards death.
"Even if you go to the First District, you won't be able to cross
the gates of Zebul. I have a way to rescue the girls. So, I'll go with you."
Shirone's eyes widened.
She said there was indeed a way to save them. At this point, he couldn't
even imagine what the method would be like.
"Really? Can you really save them?"
"I can't guarantee. But if you go alone, you will surely die, so I'll go
with you."
Shirone looked at Peope with a face full of gratitude. Peope, whose face
turned red, turned her head away in anger.
"Hmph! Don't get any strange ideas. I just felt a sense of
responsibility to see this incident through to the end."
Ikirin accepted the current situation calmly.
It was against the law for the divine subjects to help Shirone and for
Peope to helps humans.
'Does this have to happen in the end? No, if this is also an
unchangeablelaw....'
Ikirin, who had made a decision, opened her mouth.
"Peope, come to me."
Peope's shoulders flinched. Now that he thought about it, he had made
decisions on his own without the chief's permission.
Contrary to expectations, Ikirin was not angry. She instead closed her
eyes and transferred her memories to Peope.
New information began flood Peope's head.
"This…?"
"Peope, take my memories. They will help you navigate
Zebul."
Memory transfer among fairies was common, but when someone of high rank
transferred memories to someone of lower rank, it carried special significance.For example, it was like
a letter of appointment to perform duties on their behalf.
A senior of the 72nd rank fairy. Realizing the sincerity of his sky-high
senior, Peope lowered his head, remembering how he had been full of complaints and
dissatisfaction.
"I'm sorry, Chief. I'm sorry for disappointing you
again."
"I have never been disappointed in you. You are a fairy born during Era
of Turbulence in Heaven. From now on, everything that happens will differ from the laws you know. So,
you must see and judge everything with your own eyes."
Peope's eyes were filled with emotion. For the first time since she was
born, she saw Ikirin smile.
"You have a headstrong nature, but that also means you learn
through your own experiences. Remember that the spiral moves straight, looking in all directions. I
believe in you, Peope."
Peope wiped her tears and nodded firmly.
The fact that she was recognized by Ikirin boosted her courage a
hundredfold.
Shirone and the group left the square, taking Peope with them.
The portal controller led them to a Nors building not far from the
central square.
The interior was complex like a maze, with magic circles drawn in each
room and various spirits residing within.
When they opened the iron door installed in the corner and entered, the
spirit of light was floating alone in the center of a dark room.
The controller approached and gently grasped the spirit. As the spirit
stopped moving, his arm began to glow white.
"By using the power of the spirit, we can reach the First District
in one go. But it takes time to gather the affection. It will take about five minutes."
Having experienced it in Purgatory, they had no doubts.
While waiting, Shirone looked at Peope floating at eye level. She
wiggled her small butt and fluttered her transparent wings.
Shirone playfully poked the cute little butt with her index
finger.
Peope was startled and covered her buttocks with both hands.
"Hey! What are you doing?"
Even though she was a tiny fairy smaller than a palm, she was still a
girl. Of course, Shirone didn't mean to tease her. There wasn't much else to poke besides the part where
her wings moved.
"Thank you for your help. Let's do our best together. Thanks to you, we
have hope."
Peope pouted her lips. But as if she had read Shirone's true feelings,
she turns back to face the light.
The five minutes of waiting passed slowly. This phenomenon was also the
relativity of time.
Canis asked Peope.
"Is that guy Tabu really dead? No, more precisely, is Mara a being that
can be killed? Before he died, he said something about returning if humanity falls again."
Shirone suddenly became curious too. No, that was the key question. If
Mara is an entity that cannot be destroyed, their approach to battles would have to change.
"Hmm, how should I explain this? He can be destroyed, but it's not
a permanent death."
"Explain it simply."
"Mara is a being made of concepts, so even if he dies, he will
eventually come back. In Heaven, they call it 'resetting.'"
"How long does it take to reset?"
"It's not set in stone, but he won't come back right away."
"So if we kill him, he stays dead for a while."
"Yes, that's right. But if we look at it from another
perspective..."
"That's enough. For now, that's all I need to know."
Canis thought of nothing but battle. To get Arin back, he must become
stronger than he is now.
He started simulating his mental strength improvement in seconds, a
concept called Sequencing in the magic school.
"Yes, yes, think as you please."
Peope waved his hand as if to say, "Do as you please."
Shirone thought it was more important to gather more information than to
focus on Sequencing.
Above all, there was something else he hadn't heard yet.
"You said there's a way to save our friends, right? What is it? You
can tell us now, can't you?"
Peope propped her chin and was lost in thought.
To be honest, it was a plan without guaranteed success. But it was much
more realistic than charging into the Angels' Haven unprepared.
"Rather than a method, there is someone who loves humans very much. I
thought maybe they could help you guys."
The controller announced that he had finished preparing the ancient
magic.
Walking into the cluster of light, Shirone couldn't contain his
curiosity and asked again.
"Really? Who is it?"
Peope spoke with reverence.
"Archangel Ikael-nim, the chief of the angels."
A pillar of light ascended.
Eternal and Immortal Ra (1)
After parting ways with the caretaker at Shamain's exit and walking for
about 30 minutes, they arrived at the wall where the tall tower of the Seventh Heaven, Araboth, was
visible.
Peope said the women would be in the Sixth Heaven, Zebul. This was
because virgin conception was performed through the Elixir of Life, and it was managed by Archangel
Kariel.
Shirone asked.
"How do we get into Zebul? We don't have a way to pass the
gate."
"That's right. So, we will go into Araboth."
"How can I enter the place where gods live when we can't even enter
Zebul?"
"That's why we need the help of Archangel Ikael-nim. Since she once
held the position of Archangel, if we plead with her, she might let us in."
"That sounds even more strange. How can an archangel of the Sixth
Heaven open the gate to the Seventh Heaven?"
"That's because Archangel Ikael-nim is currently residing in the
Seventh Heaven."
Shirone tilted her head in confusion. It was unexpected that an
archangel would leave her domain in Zebul and be in Araboth.
"Is there some reason we don't know about?"
"Yes. Archangel Ikael-nim committed a sin and was stripped of her
title as Archangel. However, because Ra loved her so much, instead of casting her down as a fallen
angel, he exiled her to Araboth."
It was quite a shocking story. From what Shirone had experienced, gods
were stern judges who prioritized the law.
It was strange that such a god would make an exception, and even more so
that Ikael was exiled to Araboth instead of the Second Heaven.
"What kind of angel is she? What sin did she commit?"
"I don't know that."
"What? How can you not know? If she rose to the rank of Archangel,
it must have been a huge issue."
"It probably was. But we all forgot about it. We only know that
Archangel Ikael-nim committed a great sin and is now exiled in Araboth."
Shirone felt a chill from Peope's words. Saying they had forgotten meant
they had once known but had their memories erased.
Even if someone's memory is erased, someone else usually passes on that
information. Considering the speed at which information spreads, it would be impossible unless the
memories of all individuals were erased simultaneously.
Rian said.
"First lifespans, now memories? That's truly omnipotence. How old
is this god anyway? Maybe a hundred million years old?"
"Age is meaningless to a god. They are the beginning of everything.
We don't know the origin, so we don't know the age."
Canis said.
"It doesn't matter. We're not going to fight the god. We'll save
the girls and come back right away."
Shirone listened carefully to what Canis said were girls, not Arin.
Though they usually bicker, it seemed he had unknowingly grown fond of them.
When they arrived at Araboth, the group looked up at the wall. Though it
was the inner wall of Heaven, it was taller than the outer wall. Moreover, there was no device in sight
to summon Ikael.
Canis said.
"Surely, we don't have to wait until she takes her dog for a walk,
right?"
"Hmph! You only act tough now! Without Archangel Ikael-nim's help,
you can't even enter Zebul."
Though Peope was helping Shirone, she was an internal affairs officer of
Heaven. It was unacceptable to disparage an archangel respected by the divine subjects, so much so that
Ra erased the memory of her sin.
Shirone said.
"I will apologize on his behalf. He's just on edge. But what will we do
now?"
Understanding their urgency, Peope didn't press the issue
further.
"Alright! I'll try to initiate a conversation with Archangel
Ikael-nim."
Shirone asked back, his eyes shining.
"Really? Can you do that?"
"No, I can't."
"...Are you joking right now?"
"What can we do if that's the case? But it's not entirely impossible.
Archangel Ikael-nim might be watching us."