Chapter 205:
Immortal and Eternal Ra (2)
What was she talking about now?
From Araboth to here, there was a barrier and the distance was immense.
They don't know what Ikael's eyesight was, but there was not the slightest chance that she was looking
at this place.
"Don't be so disappointed. For angels, 'seeing' is different from
how humans 'see.' There are many perspectives on 'seeing,' and among them, 'seeing' is the ability to
see what you want to see. In short, angels can see anything they want if they desire it."
At first, they couldn't imagine it well.
According to Peope, if they wanted to see something, they could just see
it.
Even a monster with a hundred eyes from a fairy tale wouldn't harass a
prince with such an absurd ability.
"It's true. The reason Ikasa arrived first after the Elixir of Life
broke was because she was overlooking Shamain. Well... she's still a fallen angel because she's so
petty."
Since the fallen angels living in the Second Heaven are lower than the
fairies living in the Fourth Heaven, Peope criticized Ikasa without hesitation.
It showed just how far a top-ranking angel could fall when they
committed a sin.
"But if angels can see whatever they want, doesn't that mean they
know everything in the world?"
"Not necessarily. Deciding what to see is difficult. Think about it.
Even if you could overlook, could you grasp everything in the world?"
"No. It would be difficult."
Shirone recalled the time an angel visited Nors Shelter.
Godlock had said that an angel could find this place if they wanted, but
it was unlikely to happen.
"No one checks their fingerprints every day."
"Oh? You knew that story? Exactly. Anyway, if Archangel Ikael-nim
is overlooking this place, she might respond to my voice."
Canis was irritated. As a mage, he disliked relying on probabilities,
and this case was especially extreme.
"The odds are slim. This place could be her fingerprint. And even if she
is overlooking, what's the guarantee she'll help us?"
"There is no guarantee. I came along to offer even a sliver of
hope. Waiting for us in Zebul is Archangel Kariel. Do you understand? You can't defeat him even if you
were reborn."
Shirone faced reality. If the one holding her friends was an archangel,
they needed at least an ally of the same rank to have any chance of escape.
"Alright. Let's try it your way. I'll trust you."
Anyway, Peope clicked his tongue, thinking that the Nors were inherently
doubtful. After all, she saw some potential in this and jumped at it.
No angel checks their fingerprints daily, but with Ikael, it might be
different. She was said to be compassionate and often watched over the divine subjects.
"Then I'll begin. Once the conversation starts, don't interrupt. I
don't want to commit sacrilege against the archangel."
Peope closed her eyes and concentrated. Her plea spread out in
concentric circles.
Shirone waited anxiously. But after five minutes, there was no
significant change in Peope.
Was it impossible after all?
The fear of losing hope of rescuing his friends was much greater than
the disappointment of failure.
As the group's hearts were sinking into despair, Peope's body
trembled.
A moment later, hot tears streamed from her closed eyes.
"Aah, Archangel Ikael-nim."
Shirone looked back at Peope, almost breaking his head.
It was clear that the conversation with Ikael had begun. Remembering
Peope's plea not to interrupt, he barely held back all the questions bursting inside him.
Peope and Ikael talked for quite a long time. She nodded repeatedly and
sometimes even answered aloud.
"Yes, I understand."
Peope smiled and kept her eyes closed for a long time. Still overwhelmed
by the emotions, she suddenly opened her eyes and exclaimed.
"Did you hear that? Did you hear it? She accepted my conversation!
She accepted it!"
"Of course, I didn't hear it. What did she say?"
"Aah, Archangel Ikael-nim… She was watching over me!"
Seeing Peope looking up at the sky with moist eyes, Shirone couldn't
dare to ask. He waited until Peope was ready to talk after she let her emotions settle.
"So, did she agree to release our friends?"
Peope suddenly came to her senses. She had been so absorbed in the fact
that she had spoken with the archangel that she had forgotten the most important part.
Peope's expression turned a bit sullen.
"No. Archangel Ikael-nim said that because she committed a sin, she
can't take a single step out of her room."
"What? So we failed after all?"
Peope forced a bright expression.
"But she said she would help us. We will be able to enter Araboth.
But there's one condition..."
Canis, who had reached the limit of his patience when he saw Peope
glancing at Shirone's group without even trying to speak, snapped.
"What is it? Spit it out, we don't have time."
"She said she wants to meet a boy named Shirone… alone. But who is
this Shirone?"
Canis and Rian looked at Shirone.
Peope doesn't know anyone's name yet. This is because, as long as they
knew that name was the key to controlling lifespan, they acted with their name completely hidden.
When Peope saw the two men's gaze pointing to one person, she opened her
eyes wide in surprise.
'So his name was Shirone.'
Until a moment ago, Shirone was just a collection of countless concepts
to Peope's eyes.
It was a vague and abstract feeling, like trying to grasp an intangible
mist.
But now it was different.
Shirone.
The moment Peope thought of those three syllables, Shirone's actions,
thoughts, and emotions integrated into her mind.
"Only Shirone should come? Is there a particular
reason?"
"I don't know about that. I wanted to ask, but for some reason I don't
think she wants to reveal anything."
Canis thought it was actually a good thing. To use their limited time
efficiently, it was more effective to focus on their individual tasks rather than moving as a
group.
"Then Shirone should go meet Ikael. I don't think it will be
possible for her to escape without his help anyway."
"What about you guys?"
"We'll head to Zebul. Going from the Seventh Heaven to the Sixth
Heaven should be a free pass. We'll go to where Amy is first. If necessary, we can buy some
time."
It was the best strategy available in the current situation.
Once the agreement was made, Shirone looked back at Peope. It was as if
he was asking to be allowed to enter Araboth.
However, Peope didn't know how to do it either.
As she fumbled for an excuse, the area was suddenly engulfed in a bright
light.
Peope clasped her hands together in emotion.
"Aah… Ikael-nim."
The immense light swallowed Shirone and the group.
Nothing was left where the light, drawn toward a point, had
vanished.
@
The Seventh Heaven, Araboth.
Shirone looked around with a trembling heart. They had arrived at the
most sacred place in Heaven.
The top of the spire was hidden by clouds. Peope had said that Anke Ra
resided at the top.
Her voice was trembling as she explained.
"To come to the throne of God. I've never had such a glorious day
in my life." ("신의 성좌가 있는 곳에 오다니. 내 평생 이렇게 영광스러운 날은 처음이야.")
"When you've only lived for a year at best?"
Peope glared at Canis.
"It doesn't matter if it's a year or a hundred years. Age doesn't
matter. This isn't a place you can come to just by living long."
"But isn't it too quiet for that? There's not even any guards, even
though a god lives here."
"Huh? What does that mean?"
"No, there is a being called God, but no one is protecting this
place."
Peope suddenly stopped and stared blankly at Canis, as if she had just
heard that one plus one equals window.
"Are you serious? Ra is the one who protects us. How could we guard
God?"
Shirone realized it belatedly and nodded.
"Ah. I see."
Ra was not a king as understood in the human world.
If he was a universal absolute being, even the idea of someone guarding
him would diminish his divinity.
After arriving at the Spire of Araboth, Shirone and the group prepared
to separate for their respective tasks.
Ikael wanted to meet Shirone alone. Since the help of an archangel was
essential to reclaim Amy and the others, Rian and Canis didn't mind the distinction.
Peope, tasked with guiding Shirone to Ikael's room, shared the memories
he had received from Ikirin with Canis and Rian.
The rough map of Zebul was imprinted in their minds.
"The women should be in the Great Hall of World at the eastern end.
That's where Archangel Kariel-nim resides."
Canis recalled the location of the Great Hall of World from Ikirin's
memories. Even with Teleportation, it was a long distance. But the real problem wasn't the
distance.
"One thing to know is that the Great Hall of World isn't accessible
to just anyone. It's the place that oversees the world's movements, so it's surrounded by the highest
level of security."
"Security measures? Are you saying there are
obstacles?"
"That's an understatement. In short, the Great Hall of World isn't
actually in Zebul."
"Please don't upset me and explain it so that I can understand
it."
"Some technology of the Meca System can alter the information of a
specific space. In short, it means they've sent it to another dimension. To enter the Great Hall of
World, we need to disable the Meca System first."
"How do we disable it?"
"If you look at the map, there's a portal to Ingris. It's the place that
controls all information in Heaven, and we should be able to disable the Meca System there."
"What? Ingris?"
This was the place they heard when they made a contract with Chief
Kerugo. Kadum had asked him to convey his will to Ingris, but Canis didn't pay much attention at the
time, as there was no obligation since he received nothing in return.
As the situation unfolded, he felt that it was an excellent decision to
refuse their hospitality.
However, Ingris held a special meaning for Canis.
This was the reason he came to Heaven, even abandoning the Meta Gate,
and it was assumed that he would have obtained the knowledge that allowed Arcane to ascend to the rank
of Archmage.
While analyzing the notes left by his master, the area that Canis
focused on was mythology.
If Heaven had influenced humanity for a long time, those records would
be embedded in myths rather than history.
While researching ancient books, he realized that there were places that
appeared in common in different myths.
That place was Ingris.
The Hall of Knowledge (지식의 전당) where all the secrets of the world are
recorded.
"I'll take care of it. While Rian heads to the Great Hall of World,
I'll disable the Meca System. We might be able to buy some time."
Buying time sounded good in theory, but it was essentially a call to
venture into a deadly situation.
However, Rian believed that was precisely what he was best at.
"I agree. We'll head to Zebul now. Shirone, you must find a
way."
"Okay. You guys be careful. I'll come as soon as I
can."
Shirone entered the spire without even having time to watch his friends
heading to Zebul.
Inside, a vast space without even a pillar spread out. The floor was
made of glass and there wasn't a single speck of dust, let alone footprints.
Peope, relying on the memories passed down from Ikirin, led Shirone to a
corner of the tower.
"Huh? Why isn't there anything here?"
According to the memory, there should have been an elevator at this
spot. But there was no visible device around.
At that moment, light leaked from a crack in the floor and a blinding
light burst out.
Shirone looked back at the scenery that had suddenly changed.
They had arrived in a place where the corridor stretched out like a
fish's spine. At ten-meter intervals, there were paths on both sides, and at the end of the corridor
stood a golden iron door.
Peope turned to Shirone in front of the iron door.
"From here on, it's Archangel Ikael-nim's domain. As promised, I
can't go any further. Since angels can communicate with all beings, you won't need me. Just in case,
I'll send you the map of Zebul."