Chapter 206:
Immortal and Eternal Ra (3)
Shirone closed his eyes and received the memories Peope transmitted. It
felt warm.
"Thank you, Peope."
If it weren't for Peope, they wouldn't have made it this far. If they
successfully rescued Amy and the others, Shirone would gladly give all the credit to Peope.
"Hmph! What do you mean, thank you? I just followed you because I
was so amazed at what you were doing. Don't think I'll care about you anymore."
Peope refused to acknowledge it until the end, but Shirone knew. She had
a kind and pure heart. That's why, despite her long lifespan, she couldn't ignore the pain of
humans.
"Peope, you will surely become a great fairy."
"Enough. Just go in quickly. I'm tired and don't want to be here
anymore."
Peope stepped aside in the direction of the opening door. She was
curious about what was inside, but didn't have the courage to peek into an angel's room.
As Shirone entered the room, the iron door closed with a thud.
Although there was only one door between them, Peope felt like Shirone
had vanished from the world.
When she realized that there was no one left around her, a feeling of
loneliness came over her. Is this how lonely it is at the pinnacle of the world?
"Tch. Whatever, I'm going back."
Peope, who had calmed down her distraught mind, took the light elevator
and arrived at the first floor.
She decided to report to Ikirin upon arriving at Shamain. She must her
until the Price of False Authority ended. Then, she would sleep, and the next day would be just like any
other.
Thud. Thud.
The ground shook from the direction Peope was heading. Someone was
coming.
Peope's face turned pale just from hearing the sound.
Although only shadows were visible, it was clearly a giant. How big must
they be for the ground to shake like that?
A single giant appeared at the entrance.
Contrary to what she expected, the body wasn't very large.
He was barely over two meters tall, which was small for a giant, almost
like a dwarf.
However, from his attire, it was clear he was at a high level of the
Elixir of Life.
With broad shoulders and a developed lower jaw, his arms were as hard as
rocks, and his eyes were blazing.
Peope, who realized the identity of the giant through innate knowledge,
even forgot to flap his wings. She barely managed to regain her balance and flew up just before
crashing.
'Oh my gosh... Who am I looking at right now?'
It was Ymir, the King of Giants.
The reason the ground shakes despite his small size is because the
muscles that make up his body are so heavy.
The strongest giant in history, who is said to have over 10,000 people
fell into his Elixir of Life, was approaching.
Ymir's gait gradually became faster after discovering Peope.
Though giants were ranked lower than angels or Mara, Ymir was an
exception.
According to innate knowledge, he had destroyed several worlds with just
his physical strength alone.
In terms of sheer power, he possessed strength greater than that of a
mid-level angel.
Peope swallowed hard and waited for Ymir to approach.
When Ymir stomped with a thud and stopped, an unintentional greeting
slipped out.
"Gree, greetings."
Peophe was overcome with regret for her rash decision.
Giants were from the Fifth Heaven, Matei, and fairies from the Fourth
Heaven, Makonome, they were in a balanced relationship between the spirits and the gods.  (거인은 제5천 마테이,
요정은 제4천 마코놈이지만 실상은 정과 신의 위치에서 균형을 이루는 관계였다.)
Therefore, the fairies had no need to bow down to the giants, but rather
often insult and keeping each other in check whenever they encountered each other.
"Who are you?"
"Ah, I am Peope, the Spirit of the Spiral."
Peope swallowed hard again. She couldn't predict how a giant, known to
be an adversary, would react.
Contrary to expectations, Ymir greeted her warmly.
"Yes, I've heard of you. They say a peculiar fairy was born in the Fairy
Realm, and that must be you."
This was the first time she had heard this. It must have been a
conversation among the higher echelons of the law.
A peculiar fairy, indeed. What had she done to receive such a label from
above?
"You look cute. So, what brings you all the way to
Araboth?"
"Ah, I was assigned to act as a proxy for Fairy Chief Ikirin."
Peope replied. Of course it was true, but she felt guilty for exploiting
Ikirin's name.
But now was the time to leverage any connections, real or imaginary, to
defuse the situation.
"I see. I heard Ikasa came to Shamain and took some
heretics."
"Yes, it seems that way. By the way, do you know what happened to
the women who were taken?"
Peope wanted to slap her lips, which moved contrary to what she
thought.
What was the point of asking now?
She had already done what she could, and it was time to head
home.
But contrary to her heart, her ears were keen to catch Ymir's
words.
"It seems they are in Kariel's laboratory. I heard they found the
Meta Gate. That's why the Great Hall of World is in an uproar."
It was clearly disrespectful to not use honorific terms to Archangel
Kariel, but Ymir didn't care. This alone hinted at how great a warrior he was.
"Oh, I see. But what do you mean by 'uproar'?"
"I heard the lost coordinates of the Meta Gate have been
remembered. I'm not interested in difficult matters, but a war will break out soon. That's why I came to
plead Ra. To return my body."
"Oh, I see."
The story of Ymir losing his body was well-known in Heaven.
While Ikael lost his powers due to a great sin, Ymir had his original
body stripped simply simply because he was too strong.
Ymir was powerful. Too powerful. So, Ra had no choice but to impose
limits on Ymir's physical body.
This too was against the law, making it one of the few exceptional
incidents in the history of Heaven.
When Ymir raised his hand, Peope closed her eyes in fright. It felt like
a massive wall was approaching.
But what she felt was a gentle touch. The giant's finger patted Peope's
head.
"War is inevitable anyway. When it begins, fight alongside me. If you're
by my side, no enemy will touch you."
"Ah, yes. I will do so."
Ymir smiled with his eyes and passed Peope. As he did, the ground
started to shake again with his steps.
It was only after he arrived at the platform and disappeared into a
fragment of light that Peope could finally breathe a sigh of relief.
"Phew, I got through that safely, at least."
It was a shame to be scared by a giant, but it could be said that she
was confident enough to face Ymir.
She tried to rationalize it like that, but... to be honest, it was a
memory she wished she could erase.
Shaking her head, Peope left Araboth. Her mind quickly mapped out the
route back to Shamain.
But she was looking elsewhere, her mind in turmoil again.
The Great World Hall. Meta Gate. War.
Ever since the Elixir of Lifer broke, she had been hearing unexpected
words.
Peope wandered around, conflicted. She felt the urge to flee but knew
she shouldn't.
Shirone's voice echoed in her mind.
- You will definitely become a great fairy.
Peope clutched her head and shook it. But the words that had already
taken root in her mind were not easily shaken off.
"Ugh, seriously! I'm going crazy!"
Peope flew at high speed. A single fairy headed toward Zebul, the
Angels' Haven.
@
Anke Ra was staying at the pinnacle of Araboth spire.
An omnipotent being who can freely control the lifespan of divine
subjects and even control their memories.
Ymir had ascended the tower to seek an audience with this great
being.
Ymir, the King of Giants.
The strongest giant in the history of heaven.
The Elixir of Life is divided into ten stages until it reaches the
completeness of a living being. And Ymir was the only giant in history to reach the ultimate tenth
stage.
Such Ymir could not help but feel nervous when he stand before the
throne of the gods where Anke Ra resided.
The top floor, which seemed to pierce the sky, was less than
one-hundredth the size of the first floor.
Arriving at the top via the elevator of light, all he saw was a rugged
iron door.
"Anke Ra, your servant requests an audience."
Ymir waited for a while.
The iron door began to tremble, and then the central seam opened,
revealing the inside.
Ymir walked without any hesitation.
Dung. Dung. Dung.
The sound of expansion was heard regularly. It was the sound of being
eaten inside as if hitting a loose drum.
It was a room of less than 100 pyeong. (Around 300 meter.)
Bundles of hair-thin nerves were spreading out in all directions,
filling the gaps in the floor, and hoses that looked like intestines were hanging from the walls.
The nerves on the floor rose and felt Ymir's ankles but soon lost
interest and detached.
Ymir knelt on one knee before Ra.
"Giant Ymir greets Anke Ra."
Dung. Dung. Dung.
A massive lump of flesh behind Ymir's shoulders pulsed like a heart,
welcoming him.
Weighing 26 tons, it was covered in a mucous substance, reddish-brown,
with no distinct shape.
While the center was bulging, the ends drooped like a deflated
balloon.
Bundles of intestines extended from the ends, filling the walls, and
nerves extended from there, extending to the floor and jumping like waves.
Ra's body seemed to be a combination of all the organs that make up a
living being.
It was both heart and brain, digestive and sensory organ.
Ra's nerves began to go crazy around Ymir. Then, the center of the flesh
lump swelled and tore horizontally with a hiss. The outer membrane opened wide, revealing a gigantic
eyeball.
Anke Ra (Eternal and Immortal Ra, Age Untraceable).
The pupil, as big as a human face, constricted and expanded,
focusing.
Then a high-pitched frequency, like nails on a chalkboard, pierced the
eardrums.
"Scree! Giant... Scree! Ymir, why have you... Scree! come to see
me?"
Ymir's expression did not change even in the noise that sounded like
nails scraping on a steel plate.
"A group of heretics has entered the sacred Heaven. Having denied the
Elixir of Life, they have been handed over to Kariel and are preparing to receive the Elixir of
Life."
"I know... this."
Ra's voice gradually stabilized. It remained high-pitched but lost the
noise.
Ra knew everything. Hence, Ymir assumed he hadn't received a proper
answer yet. But no matter how long he waited, Ra said nothing more.
"What are your intentions?"
"None. Should I... concern myself with this?"
"It is an extraordinary event. They say the Meta Gate holds the
coordinates of a world never penetrated before. This is a golden opportunity to convey your
will."
"Y-mi-r."
In three syllables, Ra's voice dropped sharply and then continued in a
grand tone.
"I am the beginning and end of the world. Everything is connected
to me, so there is no need to concern myself with anything."
Ymir clenched his lips tightly.
Ra is omniscient and omnipotent. Thus, any event would fall within his
domain. But Ymir couldn't retreat without regaining his body.
"I wish to reclaim my body. Please melt the wall of eternal
ice."
"Ymir, were you not my servant?"
"Do not misunderstand. Giants uphold the law. This is also to
maintain Heaven's law."
"Denied."
Ymir raised his head with burning eyes. But meeting Ra's massive single
eye, all his emotions scattered.
"A single step of the giant could be louder than the irreverent
actions of a billion heretics. Especially if that step belongs to the giant king, Ymir."
"Do you doubt my loyalty? Do you think I would rise against you,
the great one?"
"Ymir, you yourself must not misunderstand. Your power upsets the
balance of the world. Remember that the law exists to maintain the whole."
With those words, Ra closed his eye. The mucous membrane sealed tightly,
and the pulse intensified.
Dung. Dung. Dung.