Chapter 209:
The Truth of Heaven (3)
"It seems like there's no one here."
"It's better. Whether it is mara or angel, I honestly don't have the
confidence to fight them."
Canis tilted his head. He didn't expect such a weak wor to come from
Harvest, who had inherited Arcane's memories.
"You're different from Master."
"Memories alone do not determine personality. I was designed to protect
you. To be blunt, without Ikael's help, we won't be able to complete our mission."
It came down to that. The key to returning to their original world lay
with Shirone.
Canis was hurt by his pride at not being able to be the protagonist, but
he was not foolish enough to harm the teamwork.
"Still, without disabling the Meca System, there won't be any
opportunities at all. Should we take a look around first?"
Canis started walking while surveying his surroundings. Suddenly, he
felt something odd and approached the wall.
The panels were lined up at regular intervals, resembling books placed
on a library shelf.
When he touched a panel, he felt a faint vibration.
The moment he pressed it down gently, there was a click sound.
Fearing an alarm might go off, he quickly stepped back. A humming sound
was heard as the panel slid out.
Canis grabbed the panel and pulled it out completely. A transparent
rectangular circuit board, like glass, was connected to the panel.
He examined it both vertically and horizontally.
When he touched the panel with his thumb, letters made of light were
engraved on the glass plate.
'I see. This is the Angel's Archive.'
Canis realized, recalling the enormous amount of panels embedded in
Ingris.
Ingris was a space filled with knowledge.
As he touched the flashing arrow on the panel, the page turned. As he
admired it, the pages continued endlessly with text.
It was a high-density information system that was incomparable to
books.
Unable to read the text, his gaze naturally fell to the numbers written
at the bottom of the glass plate.
The first thing that came to mind was the note his master left
behind.
Ingris
113-325-4739-49359-234
This was all that Arcane had left behind. It was probably a serial
number identifying the panel's location.
Canis was certain that his master had been to Ingris, and that he had
realized something there and discovered a way to enhance dark magic.
Canis examined the text on the glass plate. He couldn't even guess how
to pronounce it.
"Harvest, do you know what this says?"
"No. It's the first time I've seen this language too. We might need
Arin."
At that moment, the letters began to collapse and then reappeared in the
language they spoke.
"Automatic language conversion? That's ridiculous."
Ingris wasn't a space created for Canis.
Therefore, it could be assumed that the panels recorded every kind of
language that existed in the world.
It was an incredible accumulation of information.
Canis looked at the letters engraved on the glass plate again. What was
written on the page was information about a dream. Skimming through it, he began to read aloud.
"…Dreamo is a world one can enter through dreams. The method is to find
the Dreamer Louver in the dream, but since he is in a place unrelated to events, it takes concentration
to find him. Usually, he is cooking or taking care of children in a house. Since only Louver has color,
it is not difficult to distinguish him."
He turned to the next page.
"When you meet him, hand him some money and say you are looking for
work. He will offer a few dream jobs, and if you refuse three times, he will send you to Dreamo. If you
find a job you like, you can enjoy the dream as long as you want, but you won't remember it when you
wake up."
Canis  pursed his lips and looked at Harvest.
As Harvest shrugged his shoulders, Canis turned back to the panel and
continued reading.
"In the world of Dreamo, there are countless objects that ignore the law
of causality because time does not exist. To bring an object into reality, five conditions must be met.
First, help the owner of the object and receive it as a reward. Second, go to the government office and
report the object as stolen..."
"That won't do. It's prohibited by the law."
Canis's voice abruptly cut off.
As he slowly turned his head, there was a pretty woman standing at the
first corner of Ingris.
Her skin was light purple, her eyes were sharply slanted. She had lush
curly light green hair, with a red triangle floating on top of her head.
It was Unihorn Mara.
Canis and Harvest, filled with tension, stared at her without
moving.
"Please, could you slowly put that back where it belongs? Even an
archangel is not allowed to browse Ingris without the librarian's permission."
Canis put the panel back in its original place without taking his eyes
off her.
The panel slid back in and became indistinguishable from the
others.
"I'm sorry. This is my first time here."
Canis, who decided to buy some time to think, started by
apologizing.
"I thought so. If you were a true citizen, you wouldn't break the law.
Anyway, it's been a while since a heretic came here."
Canis realized that the shape of her mouth and her pronunciation were in
sync.
She wasn't communicating telepathically.
"How do you know our language?"
"Huhu, I'm a language collector. Plus, as the librarian of Ingris,
wouldn't it be strange if I couldn't communicate? Actually, in terms of number of times, it's quite a
lot. I'm talking about people who speak the same language as you."
The first person that came to mind was Arcane. Then she thought of the
group of Unlockers sent by Chief Kadum.
"Do you know a person named Kadum?"
The librarian brightened up and shouted.
"Aha! So that's it? Of course, I know. About 200 years ago, in your
time, heretics came here. They asked to extend the lifespan of a man named Kadum by 300 years."
Canis listened to her and was convinced.
Ingris was undoubtedly a place that controlled human lifespan.
But how?
It couldn't be explained solely by the unimaginable density of
information.
"Is that even possible? How do you change a person's
lifespan?"
"Ha, I get asked this question a lot. I don't know why people come here
without knowing."
The librarian walked around with her hands clasped behind her back, like
a teacher. Her eyes were filled with affection as she looked at the panel.
"How can we change lifespan? Because this place is connected to the
Akashic Records."
Canis also knew about the Akashic Records. It was a word he often
encountered while studying mythology.
A supernatural collection of information that is said to contain all
records of the universe.
The fact that the same word was used in Heaven meant that the myth was
true.
But it was an unconvincing theory.
"It's impossible. What you're saying is a lie."
"Hoh? Why?"
"There is no such thing as a record containing everything in the world.
How would you verify it's complete? It would inevitably be exaggerated to some extent."
"Hmm, humans are indeed human. Well, at your level of thinking,
that might be correct."
Canis felt a bit indignant.
"Then you're saying it's not true?"
"Akashic Records aren't something that grand or magnificent. This world
itself is the Akashic Records."
"Explain it in a way I can understand."
The librarian's eyes lit up as if she had thought of a good idea.
"Since you are also human, I will borrow the explanation from the Meca.
Multiply 2 by 3, then add 1. What does that equal?"
"Of course, it's 7."
"Yes. That's exactly how humans think. Humans need to find problems to
find answers. They are beings who need an equation to find the answer."
"So what? Are you saying you guys are different?"
"Different. Now let me give you a problem in heaven's way. I've just got
the answer, 7. Guess what equation I used to get to 7."
Canis shut his mouth. It was impossible to know. There were infinite
ways to reach 7..
"Do you understand now? Akashic Records are simply the answer. This
time, let's use the Nors's words. Can you use any expression you want to describe Ingris
perfectly?"
Language can never fully convey its original meaning. But now Canis
understood what the Akashic Records were.
"Ingris."
The librarian nodded in satisfaction.
"That's right. Ingris is Ingris. Ingris existed before you came. But to
you, this place must have been a place that didn't exist anywhere. Why is that?"
"Because I... didn't know its name."
This was a serious matter. Canis realized why Ra needed a name to
control lifespan.
A name. That's everything.
"Now we can talk. To stones or the wind, the world doesn't exist.
It is complete nothingness. Even though it actually exists like this. It is because they do not have the
ability to assign meaning. When we assigned the name 'universe' to the universe, only then did the
universe come into being."
Heaven doesn't seek the right answer.
Because there is no correct answer or there is no answer at all. Rather,
they were distorting the truth by changing the equation for reaching the correct answer.
It doesn't matter if the answer changes from 7 to 8 or 9.
Whatever the answer is, it encompasses the entire world, and thus, it is
perfect.
"Humans always search for the one and only truth, foolishly. Where
is the one and only truth? Whatever the world becomes, that's all there is."
The librarian pointed at the panels.
"Ingris uses Meca System to access Akashic Records. By twisting the
equations, it changes the truth. This is called hacking. Adjusting a human's lifespan is a simple
task."
Canis felt a sense of crisis. The technological power to destroy the
truth with the power of Meca System was at a level that could never be achieved unless humanity's
paradigm changed drastically.
The manager snapped his fingers to get attention.
"Enough with the explanations. If you're here to make a deal, let's
head over there. You can change your lifespan at the central control device."
She gave him a sly look and pointed to the machine at the center of the
crossroads.
Canis was reminded of the black market dealers he'd seen in Radum.
Suddenly, the situation felt surreal.
The Mara belonged to heaven, and he was a heretic. Why wasn't she trying
to harm him?
"You want to make a deal? When you probably know what the situation is
outside right now?"
"Hmm? Outside? Is something happening in heaven?"
"You don't know?"
"Of course, I don't know. I'm the librarian of Ingris. It's overwhelming
just processing the information here. I haven't been outside for thousands of years."
Canis had a feeling that what she said was true, except for the part
where she said it as if she was too busy to care.
She was isolated here.
He thought it had to be that way.
If a librarian with the power to alter the Akashic Records had access to
the world's information, who knows what catastrophic events might occur.
'I thought it was a bit odd that a mere first-rank Mara was managing
this place. Well, is it rather a good thing for me?'
In any case, avoiding a conflict with her was impossible. Even if he
just made the deal and left, she wouldn't just stand by and watch him deactivate the security system of
Zebul.
"You said deal, what kind of deal are you talking about?"
"Oh, really. You know everything yet being like thios? I mean lifespan,
lifespan. I can extend anyone's lifespan."
"And hat price must I pay?"
The librarian held her thumb and index finger slightly apart and
winked.
"It's very cheap. Just one word."
"A word? You want me to pay with a word?"
"As I said before, I'm a language collector. That's why I'm smart.
That's why I'm also the librarian of Ingris. Any word is fine. Just sell me one word you
know."
"If I sell you a word, I'll forget that word forever, won't
I?"
"That's right. You'll never be able to know it again. It'll be erased
from the Akashic Records. But does it really matter? It's not like anything will change if you don't
know one word."
As the librarian pointed out, there were plenty of words in the world
that people knew but rarely used.
If something like a curse word is allowed, what difference would it make
if one or two were not used?
But the fact that the price was so low made him uneasy.