Chapter 210:
The Truth of Heaven (4)
"I don't understand. Why would you make such a contract? I get that the
caretaker of Ingris can't interfere with the affairs of Heaven. But you also follow the laws. Selling
lifespans to heretics isn't exactly a normal duty."
The caretaker blinked blankly.
"You're so direct. Usually, they aware of this but pretend not to.
Anyway, fine. I have the ability to acquire concepts, which is why I became the caretaker of Ingris. For
tens of thousands of years. Do you know what that means? It means I can't do anything here. So I need
words. To escape from this place."
It was a ridiculous claim. But theoretically, it wasn't
impossible.
A Mara's lifespan is likely close to eternal. No one knows how much
longer they have, but if they keep collecting words, they might eventually achieve it.
"So you want to become the Akashic Record yourself?"
"Hoho! That's it! I realized while controlling the information here. I
can become a god too. But there's one thing missing The information on how to leave this place was
removed. I need to fill that in! That's why heretics are my primary customers. If I can just get out of
here, I'll become greater than Ra!"
Harvest spoke through Psyche channel.
- Canis, this woman is dangerous.
Canis also thought there was something slightly fishy about her.
Someday, she might collect enough words to complete the Akashic Records,
but no one knew when that would be.
Of course, he understood her feelings.
If he had been locked in a library for tens of thousands of years, he
would have gone mad.
Madness gradually began to creep into the caretaker's eyes.
"Are you going to do it or not? You've been stalling for a while
now. Do you have another intention?"
A bluish aura enveloped the Mara's body. A strong sense of hostility was
transmitted.
If they didn't make the deal, there would be a fight. But could they
win? If they died here, all their friends' efforts would be for nothing.
- Canis, this is dangerous. You need to be careful.
Canis now realized the risk
The offer that one could extend one's life by selling just one word
would be tempting to any human being.
Honestly, when he first received the offer, the first thing that came to
mind was himself and Arin.
If their life span could be extended to 300 years, what would they envy
in the world?
But they didn't do it.
The Unlockers who came here 200 years ago extended Kadum's lifespan as
per the contract and returned to their original world.
The reason was simple.
Because they had to reveal their name.
It was the same reason why Canis did not risk his life.
Was it really safe to reveal their name to a Mara who could control all
information?
Once she learned the word Canis, he had no idea what kind of demands the
half-crazed Mara would make.
- I know. But we can't stall forever. We need to disable the Meca
System too.
As Canis remained silent, the caretaker's face twisted like a
monster's.
She was on the verge of losing control.
'Even if it's just a one-horned Mara, a direct confrontation is
disadvantageous. I have no choice but to buy time by making a contract.'
It didn't seem like anything serious would happen if he sell one
word.
But those who came 200 years ago said it wasn't a profitable
deal.
Considering that the influence of historians is inevitable in history,
it suggested they suffered a significant loss.
'Anyway, they made a contract. That's certain. What happens when you
sell a word?'
Canis tried to imagine the situation 200 years ago. He couldn't conjure
up anything specific.
At that moment, a thought occurred to him. If his Master had come to
Ingris, what choice would he have made?
'I see! That's it!'
Canis devised a plan.
- I'll buy some time. You find the panel with the serial number written
on the note. There must be something on it.
- What are you planning? Even if it's a method to strengthen dark
magic, it's not something we can do right away.
- No. Master must have known that there was a caretaker in Ingris. But
since he left only the serial number, what we're looking for might be something else.
- I see. Got it. But the numbers are complex, so it'll take time to
find it
Harvest, who disappeared into Canis' shadow, was absorbed into the
darkness and escaped to another place.
"Alright, I'll make the deal."
The caretaker's face brightened in an instant as Canis spoke as if
giving in.
"Good choice! So, whose lifespan do you want me to extend?
Yours?"
"No. This time, it's Kadum again."
"Oh, really? I don't know who that person is, but he's truly
blessed."
"However… this time, instead of increasing it, return it to its original
lifespan. Ingris would be able to do that, right?"
The caretaker blinked in disbelief.
There have been countless people who asked to extend their lifespan, but
this was the first time someone had asked to have their lifespan restored.
A wicked smile spread across her lips.
"That sounds fun. Something must have happened, huh?"
Canis responded with a similar smile.
Kadum, the chief of the Kerugo Clan, was starving his people to sustain
his immortality. Canis, who knew the pain of hunger well, disliked him intensely.
Anyway, he is a human who has lived for 300 years by extorting money
from his clansman.
He should be thankful that Canis don't just kill him there and then, but
just return his lifespan to its original.
"Alright, alright. I like this."
The caretaker frantically tapped on the central control panel.
Canis pretended to be interested and watched what she did. He was a
complete novice when it came to machines, but observing might be useful later.
"There, done. I've restored his original lifespan. Of course, it
varies from person to person. They perceive time differently. But this person probably won't live long.
Removing 300 years brings him close to his biological limit."
"It doesn't matter. He's lived long enough."
"Hohoho! For a human, he sure has. Now, then..."
Canis jumped back in surprise. The caretaker's gaze had changed.
He had somewhat expected this, but witnessing her mental state shift so
rapidly was unnerving. He could only hope Harvest would move a bit faster
"Contract complete! Shall I take the word now?"
"Argh!"
Canis grimaced as he felt a headache. He didn't know what kind of power
this was, but it was Rule Eater.
The problem was that it was a contract, not a price.
If the Rule Eater was formed by mutual agreement, it wouldn't violate
equivalent exchange even if it couldn't be terminated.
"Damn it! Weren't the words supposed to be my choice?"
"Kakak! Of course! I'm just testing the waters. Huh? Isn't it fine?
Let's see what words you have? Oh, this one is good. This one too! They all drive me crazy with
delight!"
Watching the caretaker shout in ecstasy, Canis corrected his own
misunderstanding.
It wasn't just that she was a bit mad. It was an obsession similar to
what you see in nerds who are crazy about numbers.
- Harvest, you there yet?
-Wait! I've found the second item.
If it was the second serial number, it meant there was still a long way
to go.
Canis thought about stalling for time with magic.
But the magic wouldn't activate. Whenever he thought of a concept, she
would immediately delete it.
'Damn. So this is what kind of ability it was.'
The 'Head Editorial Department', which is part of the caretaker's Rule
Eater, can edit the thoughts of the contracted subject at will.
The ability the caretaker was using on Canis was called
'Recommendation', which edits his thoughts and makes suggestions.
If he exercised his veto power, he could regain his original thoughts,
the inability to think logically for a short period of time was fatal in combat.
"How is it? Disoriented, aren't you? Eyes. Anger. Comrades. Focus.
What else should I edit?"
"Damn it!"
Canis gritted his teeth to keep his thoughts from slipping away. With
each word that slipped out, the linguistic structures associated with it collapsed, and one side of his
head felt like it was going to go blank.
"Kakakak! Do you understand now? How important a single word is? 200
years ago, a human sold me the word 'mosquito'! He said he hated it or something! Do you know what
happened then?"
- Harvest!
- Almost found it! It's the last item!
Canis could barely keep his mind together.
Even if he exercised his veto power, the caretaker would mess it up on
purpose, making him feel like he was losing consciousness.
The caretaker, satisfied enough, lifted Canis up by the neck.
She looked fragile, but her strength exceeded that of Tabu's.
"That human went mad after having nightmares about mosquitoes for
days. Can you imagine? He dreams about them but doesn't know what they are. No human could ctay sane.
Hahaha!"
Canis realized how distorted history could be.
It wasn't a profitable deal? They lost a comrade. The value of a single
word was ultimately a life.
"You… scammer."
"Oh my? Even you must have had an ulterior motive."
The caretaker turned her head away, still clutching Canis's neck.
All the panels where Harvest had swept through were gone. He probably
searched through the panels to find words she didn't know and tried to sell them.
"Huhu, you've used your brain a bit. But that's impossible. The only
words you can sell are those that have been given meaning. That's what I explained to you earlier. You
have no learning ability, do you?"
Canis's face turned pale. Blood wasn't reaching his brain.
"Right, why don't you just let it go and make yourself comfortable? Or
else, you'll die here."
- Ha- Harvest….
-Found it! Canis!
Harvest traced the records written on the glass panel with his
hands.
Since Harvest perceived the world through vibrations, the sentences
written on the panel permeated its mental channels.
Canis's half-turned pupils returned to their place.
"Alright, I'll give you a word."
"Huhu, good choice. Now, what word will come out?"
'Recommendation' was undoubtedly a powerful ability. But the true fear
lay in 'Coercion.'
It is activated by contract and permanently takes away the words
suggested by the opponent, and its aftermath was directly linked to life.
The caretaker waited for Canis's answer with eyes soaked in
madness.
Even knowing he would go mad, he had to offer a word.
It was the most thrilling moment for her.
"Eu…."
The caretaker's brow furrowed slightly. She didn't like words that
started with "Eu."
"Eu. Re. Ka."
Canis fell to the floor immediately. He clutched his neck and gasped for
breath. When he raised his head, he saw the caretaker trembling with a pale face.
"You… how, my name…."
What was written on the serial number panel left behind by Arcane had
nothing to do with dark magic.
Mara Chronicles.
Among them, there was a record related to Eureka, the caretaker of
Ingris.
Eureka wasn't crazy from the start.
Rather, she was a decent Mara who entered the minds of intellectuals to
help them think by editing their thoughts.
Perhaps tens of thousands of years of loneliness had reduced her to this
state.
"N- No, it can't end like this!"
Canis had known Eureka but had forgotten.
In the end, the current situation meant an impossible Eureka existed, so
she had no choice but to disappear according to the law of causality.
"No! Just a little more! I could have become a god! Call me! Tell
me who I am!"
"I'm sorry…."
Canis said with a faint smile.
"I don't know who you are."
Shock filled Eureka's eyes. Her pupils flipped, and her scream of agony
echoed through the walls of Ingris.
With Eureka's disappearance, the Rule Eater was lifted, and Canis could
regain his concepts.
"Phew, I really can't keep doing this."
Canis collapsed. If Harvest had found the information a bit later, he
would have been gone to the other world.
Oh, was this the other world?
"Canis, you good?"
"Yeah, more or less. I'll recover my mental strength after a bit of
rest."
Ingris, who had lost its master, was desolate.
Canis looked at the spot where Eureka had disappeared. Loneliness was a
painful word for him too.
Harvest spoke, echoing his sentiments.
"She must have been lonely. Rotting away in a place like this for tens
of thousands of years."
"They said Mara would reset. In the next life, she'll be able to live a
better life than this one."
After a moment of silent reverence, Harvest spoke again.
"But Canis, there's something you should know. When you encountered
the word 'Eureka,' a part of Arcane's memory was partially restored. I guess it was some kind of
keyword."
Realizing something, Canis sprang to his feet.