Chapter 214:
Angel's Magic Circle (4)
Shirone looked back at Ikael, remembering that he had only thought about
his own position.
"Ah, that…."
Ikael shook her head.
"No. You don't have to thank me. The fact that this happened is also my
fault. I'm sorry that all I can do to help is this. From now on, it's up to you, Shirone."
"Thank you. I mean this."
Shirone continued to express his gratitude. If it weren't for Ikael, he
would still be sitting on the wall of Zebul, crying.
Ikael's eyes became affectionate. He was a lovely human being even when
he was stubborn.
"Keep in mind, Shirone. As you may already know, there won't be many
opportunities to use my powers. Even if Shirone's mind has evolved to the next level. Cariel is a
meticulous angel. Use it only when you're sure you can save your friends."
Shirone nodded and prepared to leave. It was regrettable to part with
Ikael, but there was no time to delay.
"Take care. I hope you can return to your original world safely."
"Yes. Thank you very much."
As Shirone left the room and the door closed, Ikael sat down,
exhausted.
The room left alone was still perfect, but somehow it felt
lacking.
There was Shirone here. Ikael, who was reminiscing the intense events,
burst into laughter.
'I'm glad it was Shirone.'
Ikael's Holy Light Body opened into a halo and spun rapidly, sending a
red vortex surging across one side of the room.
"Heed my call, Ashur."
Square glass panels appeared before Ikael.
The panels, connected by dozens of intersecting lines, sparkled and
gradually filled with color, projecting the image of a Mara.
A handsome man with pitch-black hair extending to his shoulders and
three triangles floating above his head.
He knelt before Ikael and bowed his head as he spoke.
"Ashur. I obey the angel's command."
As the boundaries of the glass panels disappeared, Ashur's figure became
three-dimensional.
"I need your strength. Please help Shirone."
"All right."
Ashur replied without hesitation. A feeling of guilt appeared in Ikael's
eyes.
"I'm sorry to ask this of you."
"I am a being born from the concept of Ikael-nim. I will follow any
command."
The highest-ranking Mara is the direct attendant of an Archangel.
Therefore, it is no exaggeration to say that they are the busiest being in Heaven, and not someone who
can be called upon easily.
Especially Ashur, known as the strongest magic swordsman in Heaven, and
Ikael's guardian knight. Although his power is currently sealed, he was not in a position to be doing
errands.
Ashur said bravely.
"Don't worry. If it's something that Ikael-nim treasures, then it is
something I treasure as well. I will fulfill my duty at the risk of my existence."
"Thank you. But Kariel is strong. Moreover, the King of Giants, Ymir, is
also moving in Zebul."
Ashur's eyes lit up intensely at the word Ymir.
"I don't know what his intentions are in taking an interest in this
matter, but we must be cautious. Ymir has reached the ultimate level of physical power that any creature
can aspire to. Getting entangled with him is not beneficial."
Ashur's face showed a blatant expression of displeasure. Although he was
Heaven's strongest magic swordsman, the title of the best warrior in Heaven was always divided between
Ymir and himself, each receiving one vote.
This is because there is a perspective that highly values ​​Ymir, who
rose to the top with only physical ability.
But Ashur did not acknowledge this. Someday, he would have to compete to
determine who was truly the strongest.
"Don't worry. Ymir is no match for me."
Realizing that she had touched on the warrior's pride, Ikael soothed him
with a gentle tone.
"Huhu, of course, I think Ashur is the strongest. Even if Ymir comes in
perfect form, I wouldn't be afraid at all if Ashur is protecting me."
Only then did Ashur rise from his seat, seemingly satisfied.
"Of course. As long as I am here, no one will be able to lay a
finger on you, Ikael-nim."
"Oh, and one more thing."
Ashur turned around in front of the door and looked at his respected
master with a tense expression.
The gaze of Ikael, who had her eyes narrowed, held an unparalleled
dignity.
"If you meet Kariel, be sure to tell him this."
Heavenly Uproar (1)
Shirone descended the tower and looked around the open area of
Araboth.
The path to Zebul was shown by Ikirin's memories. It was quite a
distance for teleportation.
As he entered the Spirit Zone, a massive amount of information flowed in
through his synesthesia.
"Wow…."
He knew that his concentration had improved, but when he actually
experienced it, it was hard to believe.
The diameter of his Spirit Zone has increased by 1.5 times while
maintaining the same density as before. Converted to volume, this means that his mental power has
increased by nearly 4 times.
In other words, this also meant that the burden of casting magic was
reduced by four times.
As his Spirit Zone grew larger than before, he felt a sense of freedom,
as if a heavy burden had been lifted.
Shirone targeted Zebul and drew upon the omniscience for spatial
teleportation.
Up until now, the effect was minimal, but now with a diameter of 25
meters, it could be applied in practice.
A 25-meter increase might not seem significant, but when transformed
into a target type of Four-Way Zone, the additional distance extended to 100 meters.
Even linking spatial teleportation ten times would result in an increase
of over 1 kilometer.
'Everyone, wait. Just hold on a little longer.'
Thinking about the situation of his friends, he felt unbearably anxious.
But Shirone's concentration, having reached the state of Diamond Body, did not waver at all.
As omniscience and omnipotence combined, the noise of light filled the
sky.
A single ray of light shot out in the direction of Zebul.
@
Rian had been running for 30 minutes already. His heart was pounding as
if it would burst, but the amount of oxygen he inhaled in one breath remained constant. If he used up
all the oxygen at once, he would be exhausted before reaching his destination.
By now, Canis must have produced some results, one way or
another.
Rian thought it was one of two things: either Canis had deactivated the
security system of the Great Hall of World, or he was dead.
He shook his head to shake off the thought. This was not the time to be
worrying about other people.
If Canis had failed, then he would be the next to die.
"Huff! Huff!"
He doesn't have the ability to make his body as light like Tess, but his
lifelong training allowed him to run for over an hour without getting tired.
After running like that, he finally reached the last point connected to
the Great Hall of World.
The right side of the hallway was blocked by a full glass wall, beyond
which a blue sky spread out.
Zebul was made up of dozens of floating plates, so this was the
outermost part of one of the plates. Therefore, if he kept running along the outer part, he could reach
the bridge that led to the Great Hall of World.
Just as Rian estimated his position and was about to move again, a
floating object on the ceiling caught his eye.
A drone was approaching noisily.
Although the drone was just a machine, Tess's anxious feelings were
conveyed through its movements.
"Tess? Are you safe?"
The drone moved up and down as if nodding. It seemed that no critical
situation had occurred yet.
Kung. Kung. Kung. Kung.
The ground trembled with the sound of heavy footsteps from the path Rian
had come from. When he turned around, a huge man was striding towards him.
Rian drew his Signa and Exud.
An unidentified enemy. There was neither a Holy Light Body nor horns
visible on the man's head.
The first thing that came to mind was a giant.
Though too small to be a giant, the shaking ground with each step hinted
at his formidable power.
'He's a monstrous guy. How heavy must his muscles be to have such a body
weight?'
The giant's movements were slow. But with each step he took, his body
moved forward steadily.
Kung!
The giant stomped his foot and stopped right in front of Rian.
It was a display of power.
Only someone with the strength to control inertia with a single blow
could do such a thing.
"Who are you?"
Ymir asked. He genuinely did not know and wanted to find out.
Holding a Signa and Exud, Rian looked like a Meca, but his appearance
resembled a Nors.
"What are you saying?"
The giant couldn't understand the words due to the lack of mental
resonance.
It was the same for Ymir, but he didn't care. He was more interested in
measuring the physical strength rather than the word.
"I see. You must be the heretic who caused chaos in
Heaven."
As the aura emanated from Ymir's body, Rian instinctively stepped back
and raised his sword.
When the human, who he thought would pee himself and run away, instead
raised his sword at him, Ymir's heart stirred violently. The moment when their eyes clashed was his
favorite moment.
'Those are good eyes. They're quite sharp for a human.'
Rian pulled his left foot back. Considering the difference in their body
weight, trying to overpower him with strength was difficult. The priority strategy was to take him down
quickly as soon as he showed an opening.
"Identify yourself. Are you an enemy or an ally? If you intend to
interfere, you cannot pass through here."
Ymir couldn't understand what Rian was saying, but he could read a
hundred words from the intense gaze.
'You're asking me to make a choice, huh. But that's my role...'
Ymir walked forward with long strides.
It may seem like a crude approach at first glance, but it was the
perfect timing to cut off Rian's breathing space.
Rian, who was planning a surprise attack, backed down in a sense of
frustration.
Ymir felt a thrill from that sight.
The battle had already begun. He loved every emotion that arose from the
moment they decided to kill each other.
Ymir, having approached Rian, spoke.
"Enemy."
Rian's hair stood on end.
The aura of the giant that suddenly surged forward was like a huge wall.
It was so large that it was impossible to see its entirety.
"Shall we begin?"
At that moment, the mechanical sound of the drone was heard from the
ceiling.
"Lan-gu-age de-code. Shall we begin?"
Ymir's gaze shifted to the ceiling for a moment. By the time he lowered
his eyes again, Rian had already disappeared.
"Taha!"
Ymir raised his arm to block the Signa flying in from the side. A
powerful shockwave erupted, causing the giant's skin to ripple like water in a strong wind.
But his body did not budge.
Ymir, who had pushed the Signa with his arm, tilted his face and glared
at Rian.
It was the gaze of a snake eyeing its prey.
"It's a great ambush. It makes me feel sorry. If you're a swordsman, I
should respond with a sword."
As soon as he said that, Ymir shoved the Signa away. His body then
reversed sides, and a powerful hook came swinging in.
Rian thrust out the Exud and crouched down.
As Ymir's fist struck the shield, a loud noise erupted and the hologram
of the Exud struck Ymir.
But again, Ymir did not retreat. Instead, it was Rian who was flung
away.
Rian rolled on the floor and knelt down to his balance.
The Exud attached to his arm was laid bare, as if hit by a
cannon.
Ymir looked over his shoulder and grinned.
"As you can see... there aren't many weapons that can withstand my
strength."
"Damn, this is so embarassing…."
Tess's gaze was transmitted through the drone from the ceiling. His
blood boiled even more as he imagined how she must have felt as she watched, waiting for help.
"Here I come!"
Rian charged at full speed.
He threw the Signa irregularly and flew into the air, pulling out the
greatsword he had on his back.
Ymir caught the incoming Signa and crushed it like a cracker.
At the same time, Rian swung the greatsword downward.
Ymir's fist, holding Signa, flew towards Rian.
The clang sound made Rian gasp in shock. Ymir had caught the blade of
the greatsword with the bone of his fist. It felt like striking iron.
Rian flew away in the reverse motion of swinging his sword. Ymir
immediately chased after him, raising his fist.
"It was fun. Let me give you a gift."
"Huuup!"
Rian planted his greatsword into the floor, and using the broad side as
a shield, he pressed his shoulders and thighs against it and put all his weight behind it.