Chapter 215:
Heaven Commotion (2)
Kwaang!
The moment Ymir's straight punch struck, only the greatsword remained,
and Rian's figure disappeared.
All sorts of thoughts were rushing through Rian's head as he flew
rapidly. To block any additional attacks, he needed to regain his balance and land properly. He barely
able to keep his balance. It felt like he could land on both legs.
But what he realized the next moment was that his body was rolling on
the floor crumpled.
As the shock in his body subsided, he felt the cold floor against his
cheek.
An unintelligible sound leaked out of his mouth. He wasn't even in pain,
but he couldn't muster any strength.
Ymir observed the sprawled Rian and picked up the greatsword that had
fallen to the ground. Though it was a greatsword for a human, in Ymir's hands, it looked like a common
longsword.
Ymir's eyes gleamed as he inspected the blade of the greatsword.
"Hooh? This could be quite useful."
"G- Give it back. That's my... grandfather's..."
Rian, trembling, got to his feet.
Thanks to training his body to the limit every day, he recovered from
the shock much faster than an average person. This was what one might call endurance.
Ymir grinned and threw the greatsword. It slid across the floor and
reached Rian.
"Want to try again? I like your determination."
Rian picked up the greatsword with difficulty and charged again. The gap
in strength was clear, ut if Ymir was heading to the Great Hall of World, he had no choice but to
fight.
Ymir and Rian clashed in the middle of the hallway. Ymir didn't even
bother to block the greatsword.
Clang! The greatsword struck Ymir's forehead. No, it would be more
accurate to say that he blocked it with his forehead.
Ymir's fist flew in a wide arc.
Rian realized he couldn't dodge it. Realizing that fact, Rian opened his
eyes wide. If he had to die, he wanted to fight until the very end.
Ymir felt a thrill from Rian's gaze.
'It's a shame I don't know your name.'
Ymir's fist created a gust of wind as it cut through the spot where Rian
had been.
There was silence for a while.
Ymir's expression turned displeased. Is there anything more unpleasant
than an intruder interfering in the middle of a battle?
It was a strange yet familiar phenomenon.
Just before his fist connected, he clearly saw Rian split into dozens of
squares.
"Really… They say that high-ranking beings don't know how to ride the
wave." ("하여튼…… 높은 것들은 분위기를 탈 줄 모른다니까.")
About three meters away from where Rian was, square glass panel
flickered and the images of two people were projected.
The handsome man with black hair was Ashur. And next to him, Rian was
kneeling.
Ymir smiled coldly. The mere fact that Mara, known for her heavy
buttocks, had come from Heaven was enough to suggest that something unusual was happening in the Great
Hall of World.
"Yoo, a busy man is here. Where's your beloved that you're
wandering the battlefield alone?"
"Ymir, not following the law will bring bad consequences. Leave
now."
"Haha, what if I don't abide?"
"There is no choice but to annihilate your existence."
As Ashur spread his palm, about 30 glass panels formed three rows in the
air. A long, thin longsword emitting a purple glow was projected there.
"Is it a signal?"
Ashur's ability, Signal, collected all kinds of signals.
Each glass plate contains one signal, and by combining the patterns on
the panels, a nearly infinite number of phenomena could manifest.
Ashur's longsword, Shockwave, was also created by receiving 30 different
signals.
Due to the electromagnetic pulse, it vibrated on its own, making it a
highly lethal weapon that could devastate one's inside once penetrate.
Rian looked up at Ashur blankly. It was as if he had died and been
reborn, with the middle process omitted.
"Who are you?"
"Go. I'm an ally."
Though the words were brief, Rian understood immediately. It was clear
that Shirone had created some kind of variable.
Rian glared at Ymir, but he hadn't even looked at Rian ever since Ashur
had appeared.
Biting his lip, Rian ran towards the Great Hall of World.
His insides boiled with anger. He hadn't been raised so noble that he
feared defeat. But the frustation that he had not succeeded in even one attack was painful.
He could sense Tess's drone following him. Although the machine remained
silent, he could hear her comforting voice as if it were an auditory hallucination.
"Damn it! Damn it!"
Rian sprinted with all his might towards the Great Hall of World.
@
Ashur was still blocking the way. He wanted to follow Rian to the Great
Hall of World, but for now, stopping Ymir was the priority.
Using Signal's ability 'Transmission,' he could send a signal to his
desired destination and instantly move there, but this was impossible with the Great Hall of
World.
Since the place was coated with electromagnetic waves, it was faster to
run than to wait for the signal to be transmitted.
That was also the reason why he sent Rian first.
"Stand down, Ymir. I will not tolerate any more indulgence."
Ymir said, stroking his lower jaw.
"It seems like something important has happened since you even left your
beautiful angel behind. Why don't you let me in on it?"
"It's none of your business."
"Why do I feel like it does?"
Ashur did not deny it.
The King of Giants, Ymir, sought only battle. Having been stripped of
his body simply for being strong, he was waiting for a fierce battle that could only be won by fighting
with the power of his true body.
On the other hand, Ikael was of the opinion that war must be
prevented.
If Ikael wishes, Ashur will follow.
As long as he stepped in, nothing would happen to Heaven. Thus, there
was no reason for Ymir to be interested.
Ashur aimed his Shockwave at Ymir's solar plexus.
"By the command of Archangel Ikael-nim, I hereby deprive you of all
rights given."
"Kekeke, did a lowly angel have that kind of authority?"
Ashur lunged like a whirlwind.
Ymir's forearms, crossed in defense, split open, spraying blood. The
vibrations of the electromagnetic waves burned his bones fiercely.
Ashur glared at Ymir with a look of disdain.
"A mere giant dares to insult an archangel? You are nothing but
flesh. Do not defile a noble spirit with your disgusting tongue."
"A mere giant?"
One of Ymir's eyebrows twitched.
"I am Ymir."
Sensing the murderous intent, Ashur increased the distance between them.
However, Ymir closed the 10-meter gap in a single leap.
Ymir's powerful straight pierced Ashur's abdomen.
"Ugh!"
Shock filled Ashur's eyes.
His form, frozen in time, began to blur, and the 180 or so glass panels
containing signals flickered and disappeared.
Ymir turned around with an annoyed expression.
Ashur, having completed his transmission to a new space, stood there
with an elegant demeanor, his Shockwave sword extended.
"Kuku, aren't you overexerting yourself? I heard your power is severely
restricted."
"I am not in a position to be pitied. You should worry about keeping
your own body intact."
"Is that so?"
"Ice Hell."
The space surrounding Ashur and Ymir was surrounded by glass
panels.
About 2,400 glass panels flickered as they began collecting signals of
extreme heat and cold. The sight of fire and ice alternating every 10 centimeters was dizzying.
What will happen here when all the signals are transmitted? Would it
burn to ashes? Or freeze solid?
"This is what you brought upon yourself. Don't blame
me."
"I blame none. For I am the strongest."
Ymir charged forward, baring his teeth like a wild beast. In response,
Ashur raised his cold eyes and swung his Shockwave.
As the transmission completed, a storm of heat and cold raged
simultaneously.
@
"Tess! Just wait a bit longer! I'm almost there!"
Rian no longer conserved his oxygen. After running for 10 minutes since
parting with Ashur, he finally reached the bridge leading to the Great Hall of World.
The bridge was 1 kilometer long and 60 meters wide. There was no guard
fence, so it felt like he was floating in the sky. When the strong wind blew, his lower abdomen churn
for no reason.
At the end of the bridge stood a dome-shaped structure. It was the Great
Hall of World where his friends were being held.
It was good news that the building was visible, because it meant that
Canis had disabled the Meca System.
"What, you're still here?"
When he looked back, Canis was approaching.
"How come you're already here?"
"I came through the portal. But what's with your face? You look like you
got beaten up."
Rian touched his face. He hadn't even noticed the swelling from rolling
on the ground, feeling no pain. He looked up at the drone with a sense of guilt.
'You must have been worried, Tess.'
Canis also looked at it. He could tell without even hearing the
explanation that it was Tess's.
It was definitely a good thing that she was able to send the drone
flying even when she was being captured by an angel.
"What's the situation inside? You've checked, right?"
"Yeah. It seems okay so far. But…."
Suddenly, the drone became strange. It flew erratically, then dropped as
if it had lost power.
Rian hurriedly caught it and inspected it.
The operating light was off. Since it was connected to Tess's
brainwaves, it was evidence that something had happened to her.
"What the? What's going on all of a sudden?"
"I don't know! There's no time!"
Rian leaped first. If it was Dark Port, they could get there in one go,
but the bridge in the sky was entirely within the realm of light.
Canis, who grabbed Rian, swallowed his pride and cast Photon
Magic.
A streak of light carrying the two of them raced across the
bridge.
@
"This punk!"
Amy shouted, glaring at Kariel. Tess and Arin's faces were also twisted
with anger.
As information from the panel implanted in their heads infiltrated their
minds, it felt as if they were drunk, making their heads spin.
"Don't worry. Your hormones are being adjusted to a state suitable
for the Elixir of Life."
Kariel, who had been indifferently observing the women's condition,
turned his gaze to the screen.
"Nothing really changes yet. It will be different after the Elixir of
Life is completed. But it doesn't matter, does it? Any living being must experience this
once."
"Shut up! Who are you deciding that! Do you think we'll just do whatever
you want? I'd rather bite my tongue and die than go through this!"
Kariel frowned as if he had seen something disgusting.
"I can't understand. You're not being punished. You've been chosen
for the noble task of bearing a Nephilim. There haven't been many women who refused the Elixir of Life.
Do you not wish to attain eternal life?"
"I don't want eternal life! Even if I die tomorrow, I'll live my life
the way I want!"
"There's no reasoning with you. In any case, nothing will change.
Once all the information contained in the panel is transmitted, it can't be undone."
- Elixir of Life progress: 20 percent.
A female's voice was heard from the ceiling. It seemed to provide
updates every 10 percent. Hearing the emotionless voice from their perspective made it even more
eerie.
Amy struggled to escape from the handcuffs.
If only she could free her hands, she intended to grab and rip out the
panel implanted in her forehead.
Even if it cost her life, she would live on her own terms.
"Tess! Amy! Arin!"
The door to the Great Hall of World burst open. Rian and Canis entered
simultaneously as if racing each other.
Tess, who had been watching them cross the bridge, shouted.
"Rian! Over here! Quickly, help us out of this!"
Rian flinched as he took a step forward. He was overwhelmed by the scale
of the Great Hall of World that was beyond his imagination.
It wasn't just the scale but also the unfamiliar objects and
equipment.
On one side, a planet was rotating, while on the opposite side, a tower
was dazzling with all kinds of lights.
"Damn it! What is this place?"
Kariel flew up to a height where he could see the humans all at
once.
"Did you follow the women here? This too must be the foolishness of
an ignorant human being."
"Are you the one responsible? Don't think you'll get away with what
you've done to my friends."
Rian raised his greatsword, remaining highly cautious.
In contrast to his strong word, his actions were careful. Having
witnessed the power of the Fallen Angel Ikasa, Rian could infer the might of an archangel.