Chapter 216:
Heaven Commotion (3)
As Rian slowly closed the gap and watched for an opportunity to attack,
Tess shouted in frustration.
"You moron! Save the fighting for later and free us first!"
"Damn it! Even if I wanted to…!"
If only he could run there right away. But with an archangel guarding
them, diverting his attention would be tantamount to suicide.
Arin calmly explained.
"Canis, the Elixir of Life has already begun. You need to remove
the panel from our foreheads. Otherwise, we will all conceive Nephilim."
Before Canis could answer, Rian opened his eyes wide and shouted.
"What? You should've told me that first!"
"That's what I've been saying, you jerk! If you don't want to see
me go crazy, hurry up and free us from these cuffs!"
"Alright! Just hold on a second!"
In any case, Rian and Tess had similar tendencies. Unlike a mage who
assessed the situation until an opportunity arose, Rian rushed forward with the intention of removing
the panels first.
At that moment, a shock wave occurred before his eyes. As the stinging
pain forced him to retreat, Rian looked up to see Kariel floating in the air with an annoyed expression,
his hand outstretched.
'What? That wasn't much.'
The shockwave appearing in empty space was surprising, but not as
destructive as expected.
Rian, who had been intimidated by the title of archangel, grabbed his
greatsword with newfound hope.
Canis was also paying attention to the information Rian had
obtained.
- The Archangel's abilities are weaker than expected. This could be our
chance.
- It must be because of that Elixir of Life or something. Creating
humans can't be an easy task, right?
- I guess so. But this is unexpected? Despite our presence, is he
really going to continue?
Angels are strong, but they don't exist solely for combat.
For instance, the ability of Archangel Ikael was Activation, which
seemed unrelated to combat.
However, because the concept was so grand, even Maras and other angels
were terrified of it.
Cariel also had a grand concept of Birth.
Explosions, ignition, machinery, drugs, etc.
The number of things he could create by combining existing elements was
nearly infinite.
But of all them, what Kariel was most proud of was life.
No matter what object he created, the energy focused on birth itself was
immense.
Especially when it came to the Elixir of Life, creating life forms
required almost all of an archangel's mental strength.
"How dare you interfere with an archangel's mission. Humans who
can't even live for a hundred years are so arrogant."
Canis secretly sent Harvest into the darkness. The plan was to buy time,
then ambush Cariel and rescue the women in the ensuing chaos.
"A mission from an angel? What are you trying to do by creating
Nephilim? Unlockers can be found anywhere in our world."
Amy opened her mouth. She had figured out Canis's plan to buy
time.
"Heaven is trying to use Nephilim to attack the human world. They are
trying to balance the power because there are many Unlockers in our world."
"Conquest? Are you saying there's going to be a war?"
"Yes. Nephilim were not like messengers of God. They were spies sent to
invade territories."
Kariel did not deny. He had no regard for the thoughts of such
insignificant humans.
The great and angelic beings are superior. Human concepts have no place
in interfering with what archangels do.
"You should be thankful. Thanks to you, we can now wage the final
war."
Amy and her friends focused their attention on Kariel. The term
"final war" was unsettling, but they couldn't understand what he meant by being able to wage
it now.
"The final war?"
"Exactly as it sounds. The world of humans will soon be destroyed.
Up until now, the abominable Miro has prevented the end, but because of you, the prelude to war has
finally begun."
Canis was perplexed. The woman Shirone had been searching for was
preventing the apocalypse?
Then he remembered Arcane's response. If it involved the destruction of
humanity, it made sense that his master had erased his memory.
"But why is it thanks to us? What did we do?"
"The woman named Miro has been blocking the passage between Heaven
and the human world. However, a new path has been opened through the Meta Gate you brought. Soon, the
armies of Heaven will mercilessly burn the humans."
Everyone's heart sank. If Cariel's words were true, they had committed
an irreversible act. The destruction of humanity had been accelerated because of them.
Kariel shouted, pointing at the machine.
"Now, behold! This is the Meta Gate that Ikasa brought! Once the Elixir
of Life is complete, I will analyze the coordinates. The moment the new portal opens, your world will be
destroyed!"
Amy and her friends's gaze turned simultaneously.
"…."
The Great Hall of the World fell silent. No one spoke.
When the expected reaction did not come out, Kariel slowly turned his
head, feeling puzzled. Then, he too wore the same expression.
"…."
A fairy clutching the Meta Gate was staring at them with an open
mouth.
Kariel tried to say something but closed his mouth again.
Why was a fairy here? It was not according to the law, and even if it
wasn't, it was a situation where cause and effect could not be found.
Perhaps because the silence was awkward, Peope spoke first.
"H- Hello."
Kariel tilted his head. Was she greeting him? If so, she at least wasn't
completely mad. He spoke, hoping that this question would yield some reasonable plausibility.
"Who are you?"
"It's Peope."
Kariel felt a surge of anger. But revealing his emotions was beneath
him, so he forced himself to remain calm.
"Right, Peope. Why are you here?"
"Oh, I'm here to retrieve the Meta Gate."
"…I see. Then why… Haa, why are you, of all people, trying to retrieve
it?"
"That's because there shouldn't be a war."
At that moment, Kariel's patience snapped. He reached out his hand with
the sole intention of blowing up the pest in front of him.
One strike, a spectacular explosion.
"Die."
- Harvest! Now!
From the shadows of the Great Hall of World, Harvest sprang out.
The moment Harvest swung his shadow as sharp as a blade, Kariel flew up
to the ceiling.
Taking advantage of the opportunity, Canis ran towards the women,
shouting.
"Rian! Protect Peope! Don't let him take her!"
Rian immediately changed direction and dashed towards Peope. Though he
desperately wanted to rescue Tess, he knew it was best to follow the mage's instructions in such a
critical situation.
"Peope! Come this way!"
Peope, who was startled by the sudden battle, flew towards Rian at his
call.
Kariel tried to shake off Harvest's pursuit and aimed for Peope.
However, Rian grabbed his greatsword first and intercepted, so he abruptly changed direction and flew
back up to the ceiling.
Rian, who was relieved, looked back at Peope.
"Huu, are you okay?"
"I don't know! I thought I was going to die from fear! Just take this
quickly!"
Peope's face was as pale as soup. It was a situation where she had to
provoke an archangel. Even now, she couldn't understand how she managed to respond.
Rian was handed the Meta Gate. Even he, who was as stoic as he was,
couldn't help but be moved.
If he activates the Meta Gate right now, at least he can return
home.
Of course, he had no intention of doing so, but it was heartening to see
how much things had improved.
"Thank you, Peope."
"Don't get me wrong! I didn't mean to help you…!"
Peope stopped mid-sentence. The situation was too obvious for her to
find words to hide her true feelings.
He disobeyed archangel's command and helped humans. It was not a
violation of the law, but an act that completely burned them.
Peope gave up her excuse and muttered in a sullen voice.
"So, what do you plan to do now? I'm finished now."
"Come with us."
"What?"
"Come with us. There's a lot of interesting stuff in our world. Since
you saved us, we will do our best to save you."
Peope turned away in a hurry. Honestly, it was quite touching.
However, she couldn't accept the offer. Going to the human world wasn't
difficult, but it wasn't her intention behind her actions.
"Forget it, you dummy! Think about it after you've saved your
friends!"
While keeping a close watch over the surroundings, Rian watched Canis'
progress. Canis was currently using the power of darkness to cut through the women's handcuffs.
- The Elixir of Life progress: 40 percent.
Amy screamed as a voice came from the ceiling.
"Hurry! We don't have much time!"
"Shut up, you pumpkin! If my concentration wavers, I'll cut your
wrists off too!"
Canis was using razor-sharp shadows to carefully cut through the three
women's handcuffs. It was a precise operation as the cuffs was in full contact with the women's
flesh.
Kariel, dodging Harvest's attacks, was growing increasingly annoyed. He
considered canceling the Elixir of Life and slaughtering everyone instead.
With the power of birth, there were probably 50,000 ways to kill
them.
But canceling the Elixir of Life was not an option.
Even though the transmission rate exceeded 40 percent, no woman tested
positive.
'These are the best materials. I can never give them up.'
As a last resort, Kariel opened a portal.
With the remaining mental strength, he could summon a pretty decent
Mara, and on top of that, he could think of someone who would be just right for the situation.
"Answer my call, Baalb."
As new Mara appeared, the Great Hall of World was dyed in an ominous
color. Everyone except Canis looked up at the ceiling and checked the number of horns first.
It was a two-horned Mara.
"Baalb, the Dream Mara, at your service, Kariel-nim."
He was a stylishly aged middle-aged man. His hair was slicked back with
oil, revealing pointed ears.
He was as tall as an angel and wore a cloak with a collar higher than
his head.
"Subdue the humans. The Elixir of Life must not be interrupted."
"That is certainly my specialty. Understood."
Baalb landed on the ground with his right hand on his chest.
"Peope, take this for a moment."
Rian, who had entrusted the Meta Gate to Peope, rushed towards Baalb.
However, even though he rushed with the determination to die, he couldn't even get close. As soon as he
neared Baalb, he felt drowsy, and his consciousness began to blur.
'What's this? Why am I suddenly sleepy…?'
In a life-threatening situation, it would have been impossible to become
sleepy unless he went mad.
It was clearly some kind of ability.
Rian, who had realized this, hurriedly retreated.
As he exited the invisible zone, his consciousness returned. However,
the fatigue from lack of sleep still remained in his body.
It was an infuriating situation.
"Damn it, what kind of trick is this?"
From giants to fairies, from Mara to angels, they all had ridiculous
abilities. Looking back, he feel ashamed that he came to Heaven only to be a burden to his
friends.
Baalb turned around with a dignified expression.
"It's no use. You won't even be able to swing your sword at me."
A red gem floated slowly around Baalb. Could that be the problem?
Rian adopted a stance and slowly closed the distance. As expected, after
passing a certain boundary, the red gem began to glow and he began to feel drowsy again.
'Damn. So, it is that. What the hell is that?'
No one knew the nature of the gem, but Harvest, the magical creature,
detected its unique wavelength.
- Canis, this isn't good. We should retreat for now. It's an Objet
(오브제).
- Object? That's an object?
Canis had also only heard about it from Arcane, but this was his first
time seeing one in person.
An Object is an object.
What makes them different from ordinary objects is that they exert a
strange influence on the outside world.
Some objects are familiar to humans as well.
Some Objects are familiar to humans. Examples include cursed blue
diamonds or flying carpets.
Since it was something that humans also collected quite a bit, it was
not strange for Maras who traveled around countless worlds to have one.
The blood-sucking Objets possessed by some Mara are said to suck the
blood of those around them. Also, the Objets of Hatred can cause anger and cause people to commit
murder. (어떤 마라가 소유한 흡혈의 오브제는 주위의 피를 빨아들인다고 한다.)
Baalb's Object was a sleep-inducing Objet, an item that would cause any
living creature within its sphere of influence to fall asleep.