Chapter 217:
Heaven Commotion (4)
As the gem's rotation grew faster, it started affecting Canis
too.
A terrible drowsiness came over him. He tried to endure it by biting his
lip, but if he continued cutting the cuffs in this state, the women's wrists would be severed.
'No! I can't leave Arin behind!'
Blood trickled from his clenched lips.
Amy and Tess, who were watching the scene, could offer no advice.
The only person who could stop him was Arin.
"Canis, we still have time. Step back for now. At this rate, you'll
collapse first."
"Shit! Shit!"
He knew he had to retreat.
He just needs to cut a little more. If he had as much strength as his
master, he would have cut all the handcuffs by now.
- Information transmission rate 50 percent.
"I'll definitely save you. Just wait a little longer."
Canis couldn't bear to look the women in the eyes and moved out of the
range of the Objet's influence.
As if it were a lie, he came back to his senses. But the pain he felt
then hadn't faded. It was a force that could not be compared to sleep magic.
'Right, the force. That's the characteristic of the Objet.'
An Objet is an anomaly of the material world, where the very concept of
objects has been distorted by some cosmic error.
Therefore, it doesn't violate causality, making it impossible to block
the Objet's abilities by any means.
Moreover, there was not much time left. Summoning the Dream Mara in a
time-limited situation was an excellent choice.
"Rian, stand back. I'll handle this."
Canis switched places with Rian. For a swordsman with weak mental
abilities, the sleep Objet was like poison.
Peophe shouted, pointing to the entrance of the Great Hall of
World.
"Guys! Look over there!"
The giant Ymir was running towards them, dragging his massive
body.
Rian's eyes widened. Although he seemed smaller than the first time he
saw him, it was undoubtedly the same giant.
Even the cool-headed Canis couldn't hide his anger this time.
"Damn it! Now the giant too!"
"Stay calm. I'll handle the giant. You take care of Baalb."
It was a sound judgment considering the compatibility. However, Rian
wanted to face the giant personally, regardless of the compatibility.
In the first match, he couldn't even inflict a fatal wound, but this
time, it was his turn to display his strengths.
As Rian reached the entrance, Peope flew over with the Meta Gate.
"Hey, what should I do with this?"
"Keep it safe for me. We'll definitely return."
"What? How can I handle something this important…!"
Peope couldn't finish her words. It was a burdensome and excessive
request, but looking at Rian's face, she couldn't say anything.
It wasn't the face of someone who was merely promising to return.
"But if you find yourself in danger…"
Rian looked back at Peope and smiled softly.
"Just toss it away and run. It's not more precious than your
life."
Peope pursed her lips and made a disgusted expression.
How could he say such things? Why are all humans so foolish?
"Stop talking nonsense! Why can't you just be honest? You want me to
protect this with my life, don't you? Without it, you can't go back!"
Rian didn't respond.
"You idiot! Your opponent is Ymir! King of Giants, Ymir! Fighting him is
a death sentence!"
Rian finally found out. His name was Ymir? Not just any giant, but the
King of Giants.
In that case, there is no shortage as a final opponent.
Peope felt a pang in her heart. Was this the life of a human? Was it
because their lives were as short as a mayfly compared to fairies, that they burned so
desperately?
Rian stood blocking the entrance. Against the backlight, he appeared
strangely large, like a total solar eclipse.
"Name... name..."
Peope forced out her voice, choked with emotion.
"What is your name?"
That's what she asked Rian. It's dangerous to reveal one's name in
Heaven, but Peope thought she should know. They had come to trust each other now.
"I am Ogent Rian."
Rian, brandished his greatsword, turned to Peope and said.
"The sword of Shirone."
Thud!
Rian plunged the greatsword deep into the ground and leaned against the
blade, lowering his stance.
Ymir rushed forward, his mouth twisted into a grotesque manner.
"Kukuku! A second match? That's what it takes to be called a
warrior."
"Come on, King of Giants."
Ymir charged forward without slowing down.
Feeling the overwhelming pressure of a boulder rolling towards him, Rian
braced himself and shouted,
"Uraaaahhh!"
Ymir's crouching shoulders slammed into Rian's upper body.
The greatsword bent as if it was about to break, then sprang back with
elasticity.
Udeudeudeuk!
There was a sound of something breaking inside Rian's stomach. Blood
burst from his mouth, painting the sky red.
@
A shockwave pierced through Ymir's chest.
The battlefield where the greatest swordsman and warrior in Heaven had
clashed was left scorched.
Wherever they had fought, the ground was sunken and shattered windows
let in gusts of wind.
Ymir was leaning against the wall, laughing. The signal from the
shockwave was causing his body to disintegrate at a cellular level.
"Kukuku, not bad. How does it feel? To stab me?"
Ashur felt a bitter taste. Even though Ymir had been stripped of his
body, he wasn't someone who would easily allow himself to be struck.
"...Was it your 'part'?"
Ymir was the only giant to have achieved all 10 stages of Elixir of
Life. No one but Ra knew how many bodies he had absorbed, but it was generally believed to be at least
ten thousand.
"Just because I'm a giant doesn't mean I can't use my head. Take
your time. I'll go ahead and wait."
As Ymir slumped, Ashur's sword slid out of his head.
After a while, bubbles began to bubble from Ymir's body and then
dissolved into black liquid.
Ashur glared at the liquid pooling at his feet. As he opened his palm,
his sword transformed into a signal and vanished.
"Good grief, I let my guard down."
Ymir doesn't like strategy. He thinks it's the weak man's second option.
But today, he swallowed his pride and chose to head to the Great Hall of World.
Beast instinct? No, it was a superhuman instinct.
Ymir prefers simplicity, yet he always triumphs over complexity. This is
due to a singular trait:
The instinct to sense the scent of war.
Throughout the history of Heaven, Ymir was always at the heart of
wars.
This time was no different.
He had a gut feeling that the events that occurred during the Great Hall
of World would be a decisive turning point in his quest to reclaim his body.
"I might already be too late."
Despite their opposite tendencies, Ymir's sense of smell was
reliable.
The fact that he abandoned the fight and vanished indicated that there
was no need to delay. It was clear that the situation in the Great Hall of World was turned dire than
expected.
Ashur kicked the ground and left the battlefield.
@
"Canis! Step back! You can't hold on any longer!"
Arin shouted. It had already been 10 minutes since they entered the
Objet's domain. Despite this, Canis was not retreating; instead, he was increasing the speed of his
magic attacks.
Baalb avoided confrontation as if it was not worth responding to. The
two-horned Mara generally surpassed Canis's abilities, but as long as there was that Objet, there was no
need for direct intervention.
The Objet of Sleep puts creatures to sleep, but what is more terrifying
is what happens if they resist.
If they force themselves to stay awake, the accumulated fatigue from
sleep deprivation eventually leads to death.
Currently, Canis's mental state was equivalent to having gone
approximately eight days without sleep.
"You're impressive for a human. But how long can you last? If you don't
get enough sleep, you'll die."
Canis regained his senses.
He hadn't heard what Baalb said a moment ago. The scenery he was seeing
wasn't being transmitted to his brain.
- Canis! Snap out of it!
Harvest shouted through psyche channel, but it was no use. With his mind
starting to numb, he couldn't even respond.
"It seems like you're quite concerned about your master. Well, that's to
be expected since you share life together."
Harvest looked back at Kariel's words. The archangel had descended to
observe the situation on the ground. It was clear he had detected the weakening of Harvest's
power.
"It takes considerable energy to maintain darkness. Are you replenishing
it with human life? An interesting idea, but it only spreads your strength thin."
Canis slowly got to his feet.
He had just realized he had been lying down. He hadn't even noticed the
drool running from the corner of his mouth.
"Arin, I don't think everyone will make it back alive."
"No! Canis! That's absolutely not allowed!"
A terrifying thought crossed Arin's mind.
The only way for Canis, who resembled his master in personality, to
handle this situation was to use the card Arcane had pulled out just before his death.
Harvest came to the same conclusion.
- Canis, is it Abyss Memory? But you are different from Arcane. You
might not be able to endure it.
Canis shook his head. That level of resolve was not enough to defeat the
two-horned Mara.
- No. I'll try what I mentioned before. I need your power, Harvest. Can
you help?
- No. That's magic that's only possible in theory. We've never tested
it. We should at least attempt it after interpreting the Books of Light and Darkness.
- Harvest, if any of us should live, it has to be Arin. You know that
too.
Harvest did not answer. But he didn't deny it either, effectively
acknowledging Canis's words. This also meant his own demise.
- Got it. I'll give you my power.
Harvest's body was absorbed into Canis' shadow.
Canis, who had regained some consciousness, prepared himself for
death.
He had never particularly thought about how he would die. He was simply
willing to enter the eternal void.
"Limit of Abyss."
The magic, designed only in theory, was activated.
Instantly, his mental fatigue vanished. However, he did not erase his
memories like Arcane.
What he erased was his limit.
Canis knew what kind of person he was. Perhaps he would never be able to
reach supreme state like Sirone.
So he transcended his limits in his own way.
Children who do not know fire willingly put their hands into the flames,
while great monks self-immolate and enter a state of nirvana.
The difference between ignorance and enlightenment is vast, but the
mental magnitude of jumping into the fire is the same.
Canis chose to be an ignorant child if he could not become an
enlightened monk.
The result was a temporary state of Immortal Function.
Of course, he hadn't actually reached Nirvana. However, he was able to
obtain a similar level of mental strength at least in battle.
"Here I go!"
He didn't feel any fatigue until the duration of Limit of Abyss ended.
But to Arin, seeing Canis flying around energetically was a nightmare.
"Canis! No! Please don't!"
Arin cried out with tears streaming down. She lacked the courage to live
in a world without Canis and Harvest.
But Canis heard no one's voice. He felt a slight thrill from
successfully casting the spell for the first time and used his most powerful magic.
'Servant of Darkness.'
A magic that transforms the mage's mind into physical force. While
Arcane's servant was a dark golem, Canis's servant took an entirely different form.
Shadows spread across the ground like a liquid surface, and a giant
worm, referred to as a worm, rose up.
"Master…."
If he could achieve mental strength equivalent to the Immortal Function,
the Servant of Darkness was the most compatible magic.
'You would praise me, right?'
A ten-meter-long worm arced and fell vertically.
Baalb did not flinch. He simply moved away, arms still crossed.
"Impressive. This one deserves prai—"
Before Baalb could finish speaking, another dark worm surged from the
ground.
A reverse waterfall swallowed Baalb and soared to the ceiling.
The Objet shattered and Baalb's bones snapped. Moments later, Baalb's grotesquely twisted
corpse fell.