Chapter 218:
Heaven Commotion (5)
Canis gasped for breath. His brain felt like it was melting away from
his dizziness.
But he couldn't feel at ease yet. He had to fight for Arin until the
very end.
"Baalb, you look pathetic."
Baalb's body flinched at Kariel's voice.
"I apologize, Kariel-nim."
Canis' face went blank. How could he be alive when all the bones in his
body were clearly broken?
No, it wasn't just alive.
Each part of his body was transforming into strange forms.
Insect-like legs enclosed in a exoskeleton protruded and tentacles
resembling those of mollusks extended out.
"Thank you for allowing me to undergo demonic
awakening."
As Baalb's size grew to that of a mountain, everyone had to crane their
necks upwards.
It was a monstrous creature, a chaotic amalgamation of various
creatures.
The term "amalgamation" was fitting.
If you put things like octopuses, cockroaches, flies, maggots, and
snakes in a pot, boil them, and then dry them, it would look exactly like that.
"Kikiki! It's been 2,000 years since my last
awakening."
"Is this... the end?"
Canis's hopes vanished like a bubble. The Objet was merely... Mara's
plaything.
By the time he realized that he had risked his life on something
impossible from the start, it was already too late.
@
"Rian, Rian…."
Peope looked back at Rian with tears in her eyes. Even in a situation
where everything had turned to naught, he was still fighting.
No, he was holding on.
Rian, who had vomited blood during the first clash, hugged Ymir in that
state and locking him mentally.
He may break, but he won't bend.
What he gained in return for taking the dangerous path was physical
abilities that rivaled Schema.
Realizing that Rian wouldn't release him unless he destroyed his body,
Ymir continuously pummeled him with his fists.
Each time Rian's body shook from the impact, his greatsword
wavered.
"Ugh! Not yet...!"
As things turned out this way, Ymir had a strange thought.
His strength was as hard as steel. It was not the kind of brute force
that a living being could produce. Furthermore, since he had made a mess of Rian's stomach, he shouldn't
have been able to exert any strength.
'Only a rare few humans can use this.'
He encounters such people very rarely during countless battles. However,
without exception, they are the strongest warriors representing their civilizations.
Equating a human who couldn't even use the Giant's Liquor to their level
would be a disservice to them.
"Kuku! Let's see how far this goes!"
Ymir delivered an uppercut from point-blank range.
Rian's eyes widened as the muscles in his abdomen ruptured. His knees
buckled as he landed, but he clung to Ymir and held on.
The next moment, Rian released his mental lock and pushed off Ymir's
shoulder.
As the clinch that seemed like it would never be broken ended, Ymir made
a puzzled expression.
But does it matter? He was the strongest anyway.
This is what happens to any creature that comes into contact with King
of Giants.
"Have you finally given up? You've lasted a long time for a human.
As a reward, I'll end it without pain."
Ymir took a powerful step forward and threw his fist. Even at close
range, the destructive force was enough to tear through muscles, so if it's a a blow that carried Ymir's
full body weight, Rian's body would not have been able to withstand it.
But Rian didn't care. His eyes, smiling at Ymir, were looking beyond the
giant's shoulder.
"You've come, Shirone."
@
Shirone covered the one-kilometer distance in 30 seconds.
As he approached the Great Hall of World, he saw the giant swinging his
fist and the battered Rian.
"Riaaaaaan!"
Ymir flinched. But his fist filled with great power rode the momentum
and rushed towards Rian's abdomen.
Shirone cast Shining Chain. Chains dozens of meters long wrapped around
Ymir's body.
"Huh?"
As soon as Ymir realized it, his body was being pulled at incredible
speed.
"Ughhh!"
Even while floating, Ymir tried to destroy the chains with his
strength.
Shirone felt the giant's brute force through his mind. However, he had
no intention of accepting the ignorant challenge.
Shirone moved the chains and slammed the giant into the ground.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Ymir's body, wrapped in chains, was repeatedly slammed into the ground
in a parabolic trajectory. The final slam into the ground echoed with a thud.
Ymir, spread out in a large shape, didn't move.
It was humiliating.
The fact that his body was ridiculed by a mere human mage made his blood
boil.
"Do you think slamming me into the ground will break me? I'll
shatter these chains right now! Feel how strong my body is!"
As Ymir flexed his muscles, the chains were pulled. Shirone frowned. But
if the opponent came with brute force, a mage would turn around and counter it.
"How about this?"
As Shirone swung his arms, the chains broke free, and Ymir was flung out
beyond the cliff.
Ymir looked at Shirone with a blank expression while floating in the
air.
"You…."
The moment he was about to say something, his body fell under the force
of gravity and fell down the cliff.
Heaven (1)
The falling Ymir looked at the distant bridge. Only when the scenery
began to become covered by clouds were he able to shake off his sense of emptiness.
"Anyway, these so-called mages…."
He didn't mind crashing into the ground like this. Rather than just
hanging around in a 'partial' state, it would be much more fun to have a showdown with the ground
waiting below.
That's what he thought.
But the moment the boy appeared; the smell returned. It was the pungent
yet metallic smell characteristic of the battlefield.
It wasn't over yet. The hottest place in Heaven was still the Great Hall
of World.
"I can't miss out on that."
He had to go to the Great Hall of World.
Attempting to leap would weaken his 'partial' strength even more, but
the scent of blood on the battlefield called to him, so there was no need to hesitate.
"Huuuff!"
Ymir inhaled deeply, swelling his body.
As he cut off his oxygen, his skin hardened like porcelain. The color
drained from his face, and the life faded from his eyes.
His lips parted, and his pulse stopped.
And so, Ymir died.
Bang! As the front of the corpse exploded, an identical Ymir sprang
out.
Propelled by powerful force, Ymir jumped several dozen meters and dug
his fingers into the pillar supporting Zebul.
"Huu, it ticked me off every time."
To someone who pursued brute strength, the weakening of his power was an
unbearable frustration. Especially because being reborn from part to part required going through death,
which was extremely unpleasant.
There was only one reason for enduring all this humiliation. It was to
see the end of the battle with his own eyes.
Ymir, who was hanging from the pillar, pressed his feet against it and
dropped his shoulders. The moment he pulled his arms and kicked off the pillar, his massive body shot
up, defying gravity.
@
- Elixir of Life progress is 80 percent.
Shirone looked back at the Great Hall of World. As he approached the
entrance, Peope conveyed her memories up to now.
Shirone looked down at the bleeding Rian.
"Are you okay? Sorry I'm late."
"No. It's not too late. Go in and save the girls."
Rian was a mess. He needed at least some time to replenish his energy
before he could return home.
"Shirone!"
Amy screamed. Tears welled up in her eyes as the emotions she had been
holding back exploded. She thought she was holding on well, but it seemed she was feeling distressed
than she realized.
"There's no time! Once the information is transmitted, it's
over!"
Shirone understood what she meant. He was so angry that his fingertips
were trembling.
Throughout their time together, he never thought that Amy should ask for
his permission no matter what she did.
But it was only when this situation arose that he finally realized
it.
No one is allowed to mistreat Amy without his permission.
Canis rose from Shirone's shadow.
"How did it go? Did you find a way to escape? Is Ikael going to release
the girls?"
"Ikael won't be coming."
"Does that mean our efforts were in vain?"
"Maybe so. But from now on, I'll handle it myself."
Shirone walked towards Baalb. However, the person he was glaring at was
Kariel beyond him.
"If you release the girls even now, I'll just leave."
"What difference does that make? Destruction cannot be avoided. The
final war will happen, and all humans can do is wait for death."
"No. You cannot annihilate us."
"I don't know what basis you have for such nonsense. The power of Heaven
is great. If Ra had not existed, your world would not have either."
"That may be so. But Ra is not a god."
It was neither a spiteful remark nor a sophistry. Shirone really thought
so. And Miro thought the same.
- Shirone, a god is not necessarily a great being. They are merely the
designers of the world.
When he first heard that from Miro, he didn't understand. He thought
Miro, an Unlocker who used scale magic, was belittling gods out of overconfidence in her own
abilities.
But not anymore, after he realized the secrets of Heaven.
Miro knew that a being who considered themselves great could never be a
god.
There is only one god: the one who designed the world.
"Humans are not as foolish as you think. A being that we can see, feel,
and analyze cannot be God! We will fight! If the final war breaks out, it will be Heaven that
perish!"
Kariel's expression crumpled. It had probably been a long time since he
had heard such blasphemous words.
"This makes it clear. Humans deserve to die. Baalb, execute
them."
"It will be my greatest pleasure, Kariel-nim."
Baalb's massive body began to twitch. As the giant body moved, nameless
organs moved meaninglessly.
"Canis! Step back!"
Numerous photons rose around Shirone. The tension of the vibrating light
was so terrifying that it seemed ready to burst forth at the slighest touch.
As Baalb lunged at Shirone, a dozen Photon Cannons were fired.
Popopopopong!
To his surprise, Baalb's body was pushed away. A tearing scream
followed.
Photon Canon relentlessly pounded the massive body.
The insect-like legs broke and the mollusk-like tentacles lost their
elasticity as if they had been bitten by molars.
Baalb's body was completely overturned. Even in such a state, he was
battered by the cannons and pushed towards Cariel.
Only then did Shirone stop his magic. It was an attack in which all the
anger he had accumulated up until now exploded at once.
But he wasn't exhausted. Even though the power of the attack had
increased, he didn't feel any fatigue. (그럼에도 지치지 않았다. 단발의 위력이 상승했음에도 피로감조차 느낄 수 없었다.)
Kanis, who was watching the scene, felt despondent. Could a human raise
the power of their magic by a level in just a few hours?
Realizing something new with your life as collateral on the battlefield
is a common occurrence.
However, Shirone did not experience a mental change. All his existing
capabilities had uniformly increased.
'This can't be. The gap can't widen this much.'
When they fought a few months ago, the difference wasn't as severe.
After losing to light magic, Canis had trained harder than anyone to surpass Shirone.
But now Shirone was much further away than before.
Why doesn't he get frustrated? What is the source of his
strength?
Kariel spoke to the fallen Baalb.
"Stop playing around, Baalb."
His expression didn't waver at all. Of course, Shirone's magic was
certainly quite impressive for a human. By the standards of the divine subjects, it would easily rank in
the top 40 percent.
But that was not enough to defeat the two-horned Mara.
According to the laws, even if there were ten Shirones, Mara's brute
strength was insurmountable.
"I'm sorry, Kariel-nim. It seems the Great Hall of World will sustain
some damage."
"Permitted."
As Kariel granted permission, the floor began to shake. The organs of
the many creatures that made up Baalb collectively flailed towards the ceiling.
"Kikiki! You've woken up my cute test subjects. This will be a nightmare
for you."