Chapter 219:
Heaven (2)
In some civilizations, Baalb, the god of anesthesia, was a Mara who put
various creatures to sleep and transplanted their organs into his own body.
Sleep degraded creatures to the level of inanimate objects.
Any creature captured by Baalb is treated as an object and must live its
entire life as an organ of the monster.
- Progress of the Elixir of Life: 90 percent.
Baalb, weighing over 100 tons, floundered his massive body as he chased
Shirone. Something like the forelimbs of a quadruped animal sprouted from his shoulders and struck the
ground.
The Great Hall of World resounded loudly.
"Kiki! How is it? The strength of 260 lions. Soon, you too will become a
part of my body."
-  Progress of the Elixir of Life: 91 percent.
Once it passed 90 percent, the progress was announced in 1 percent
increments. Knowing there was only 9 percent left made Shirone's heart sink.
"…rone! Shirone!"
He snapped back to reality at Canis's call.
"Where's your head at? If you have something prepared, do it
quickly. ou didn't just barge in here recklessly, did you?"
If Shirone had come merely because his magic had slightly improved,
Canis was ready to cast Dark Worm on himself.
If he were to die, he would rather die neatly than become a part of mara
of sleep and suffer forever.
After hearing Canis' words, Shirone remembered the magic circle that
Ikael had given herhim.
But even if he could create a halo, he couldn't utilize it instantly
like an angel.
"I do have one thing, but..."
"Then do it! Why are you dawdling!"
Twenty crab legs protruded from Baalb's lower body.
As the rapidly moving legs pushed the 100-ton weight forward, Shirone
and Canis simultaneously dove to the sides.
Baalb, leaping 10 meters, crushed the spot where they had been.
The Great Hall of World shook, and iron dust fell from the
ceiling.
"I need some time. Can you stall for me?"
Canis sighed. So it had come to this?
But how long could he hold off the two-horned Mara, who was difficult to
face even with a clear mind?
"Ten seconds. I absolutely can't last more than that."
"Please, just one minute."
As soon as Shirone left, Baalb swung his octopus tentacles. The moment
Canis flew like a flying squirrel, the wet tentacles broke the floor where he had been.
"Kihehehe! You're excellent at running away. Well, that's the only
strength of the weak."
"Hmph! Arrogant for such a dull brute."
Canis calmed his mind and calculated the time. The difference in
strength was extreme, but if he dedicated himself solely to evasion, it wasn't entirely hopeless. Even
if a mosquito couldn't defeat a human, it could evade one for a minute, couldn't it?
Rian stood up, clutching his greatsword.
"I… have to go."
He couldn't rest forever. With Shirone preparing something, he had to
help Canis buy time.
At that moment, Peope looked outside and shouted.
"That… Over there!"
When Rian turned around, the King of Giants, Ymir, was charging with
eyes blazing with anger. It was clear he was targeting Shirone, who had humiliated him.
When Rian led his broken body and tackled with all his might, Ymir's
body was pushed aside. Rolling on the ground, Rian grabbed his greatsword and blocked the path to
Shirone.
'What? Why?'
He had charged with his life on the line, but he didn't expect Ymir to
be pushed back. It felt like he was weaker than before.
Ymir stood up, dusting off his knees.
"This is the third time. But now, it seems it won't be as fun."
"I am Shirone's sword. As long as I live, you will never reach
him."
Thanks to Peope's mental resonance, they could now understand each
other's words. However, Ymir looked more disappointed, his expression souring.
"You're mistaken. Strength doesn't exist to protect something. The
essence of strength is destruction. Since you don't realize that, you will never be able to stop
me."
Ymir moved like the wind. His brute strength had diminished, but his
agility seemed to have increased.
A barrage of rapid blows pounded Rian's body. Already damaged beyond
repair, Rian couldn't even counterattack.
But he was satisfied with that. As long as he was alive, Ymir would
never reach Shirone.
'Hold on. If I hold on just a little longer, I'll be able to die
comfortably.'
Ymir's eyes gradually turned red. No matter how much he hit, Rian
wouldn't fall. Even though everything he saw was destroyed, he held on as if clinging onto something
unseen.
"Rian! Rian! Stop it, you piece of jerk!"
Tess screamed, her face streaked with tears.
"Please stop hitting him! He'll die!"
Ymir's attacks didn't cease. It was a madness unlike anything felt in
ordinary combat.
The feeling of life colliding with life was transmitted to his
skin.
Interesting. This human was truly fascinating.
"Awesome! Destroying you is my mission!"
Rian's body shook with a sound as if it was being torn apart.
Tess closed her eyes. Yet she could still see it. She could feel Rian's
dying through all her senses.
She cried out to Kariel, tears streaming down her face.
"Fine! I'll bear your Nephilim! I'll give birth to as many as you want,
just please stop!"
Cariel was indifferent.
"Bearing Nephilim is a given. And Ymir is not under my control."
- Progress of the Elixir of Life: 96 percent.
Ymir stopped attacking and took a deep breath. It was shocking. What on
earth was this human made of?
He was dead. No, he should be dead if he's a normal human being.
There was no sign of life in the sight of him standing there, unable to
even raise his guard.
But he still held the greatsword.
How on earth? All the muscles in his right arm were crushed. It was
impossible to lift iron with just the strength of the ligaments.
'No, it's just a corpse. It's simply frozen in place.'
Even though it was clear he had won, it didn't feel like a
victory.
"I'll finish you off!"
Ymir gritted his teeth. He widened his stride and raised his fist,
intending to strike a final blow.
At that moment, he saw Rian's greatsword rising. It moved very slowly.
Expanding his vision, Ymir realized that only he was moving within the Great Hall of World.
'Tch! This again?'
With his experience in numerous wars, Ymir referred to this as the
seesaw of time. When the speed of the world suddenly increases, it is a phenomenon in which time passes
relatively slowly for the receiver.
As one side sped up, the other slowed down.
In other words, it meant that as time passed slowly for Ymir, Rian's
arms moved quickly and steadily.
'Damn it!'
Ymir realized why the boy standing in front of him was able to move even
though his body was broken.
His mind hadn't been destroyed. That unbroken mind was directly
controlling his body.
A technology that completely transcends the biological mechanism whereby
the body moves when the mind gives instructions.
It was a form of Avatar Art, something only the highest-level giants
could achieve.
Since Schema was originally a giant's technique, Avatar Art was also
similar to a certain concept in the human world.
In Schema, swordsmen who strengthen their brains control their bodies
through mental locks.
But when it goes beyond the limit, the mind and body become one, making
the body follow thoughts directly.
In the human world, this phenomenon is called 'Divine
Transcendence.'
'Kukuk, it would have been nice if it was like this from the
start.'
Ymir twisted his body as he watched Rian's greatsword pointed at the
ceiling.
Just as he thought he had tilted his body enough to evade, the speed of
time suddenly reverted.
Rian's greatsword disappeared from sight. Simultaneously, his severed
right arm spun in the air.
Ymir's face turned bitter. The faster Rian moved, the slower time
flowed. Not being able to dodge perfectly despite that meant it was impossible to dodge from the
start.
Popopopopong!
The moment the greatsword touched the ground, Rian's right arm exploded,
the torn muscle hanging off the ground and the bones were fully exposed.
His body couldn't withstand the speed of Divine Transcendence.
- Progress of the Elixir of Life: 97 percent.
The Elixir of Life was nearing its end. And so were the lives of the
humans. Canis, who was hit by Baalb's tentacle, flew dozens of meters and crashed into the wall.
He couldn't get up.
"Baalb, finish them now."
"Yes, Kariel-nim!"
Baalb, who had defeated Canis, charged at Shirone. The promised minute
had already passed. Yet, there was still no change in Shirone.
"Shirone! It's dangerous!"
Shirone didn't hear a single sound. In the process of fully opening and
reversing the Immortal Function, there was no room for nerves to intervene.
"Kuhahahaha! I'll place you in my most hideous part!"
A scorpion-like tail protruded from Baalb's back. A dark droplet hung
from its stinger.
It was a powerful anesthetic poison that could even put a dragon to
sleep.
At that moment, Shirone's eyes flashed open. Boom! A circle with a
diameter of two meters appeared, and Baalb's attack was bounced off by the shockwave.
A look of doubt crossed Kariel's face as the scene unfolded.
'No way? No, that can't be.'
A human couldn't wield an angel's power. It is not something that can be
understood by the human mind.
But why am I so anxious? What was this lowly feeling of anxiety gnawing
at me?
"Baalb! There's no time!"
"Kieeee!"
Baalb, having heard Kariel's command, screamed and launched a physical
attack. His grotesque face was filled with terror.
As Shirone's halo spun at the speed of light, a red dot embedded itself
in the center. Then, the first magic circle began to call forth numerous concepts.
Angel's Magic Circle.
Infinite Judicial Halo.
Seeing the numerous magic circles blooming like lotus flowers from the
halo, Kariel was astonished.
It was indeed a Halo.
A human realizing this on their own was inconceivable. Clearly, someone
had taught him.
But just who? Which crazy angel in Heaven would teach a human the
Halo?
While Kariel was still in shock, Peope flew to the women.
"Quickly!"
"Got it! Just a bit longer!"
The handcuffs twisted as her spiral force was applied.
Thanks to Canis cutting off more than half of it, Peope was able to
destroy the handcuffs without much difficulty using her abilities.
Even during this, Kariel couldn't take his eyes off the Halo.
What was happening before his eyes was a problem more serious than
Nephilim.
Betrayal of an angel was a major event that shook the very foundations
of Heaven.
He had to find out who had taught it.
And then eradicate their existence.
Baalb used all his organs to press down on Shirone. But it was as if an
invisible barrier blocked his body, stopping his attack before it could touch him.
"Keeeek! Keeeek!"
He tried his best, but it was impossible. Just as a child cannot kill
its mother, the authority of a higher existence recorded in the laws prevented any approach.
As the colorful lights crashed into the Halo, countless magic circles
were born, interlocking like gears.
Once the density of information exceeded 80 percent, the concepts
rapidly changed, and the rotation speed increased.
The speed of the halo's rotation was so unimaginable that it felt as if
it could turn the world upside down.
Baalb's face turned pale as he realized the concept contained in the
magic circle. The strength left his legs and he fell to his butt with a thud.
He had encountered the most terrifying thing for a Mara.
"Hiek! Ata...! Ata...!"
Baalb crawled to Kariel using all of his organs that could move.
However, he was so absent-minded that not a single organ was able to properly move on the ground.
Baalb, who had given up on living, looked back and shouted.
"Kariel-nim! Run away! It's the ultra-magic amplification circle
Ataraxia!"
Kariel already knew. But he didn't move. All sorts of thoughts filled
his head, and it seemed like time hadn't even passed.
Ataraxia.
The supreme magic of Heaven that had subdued countless angels. It was
Ikael's signature technique that made even the fiercest Mara scream.
She had passed such power to a human?
No, it couldn't be.
It was more plausible that his eyes were playing tricks and that Ikael,
standing there in the form of a boy, was more likely.
'Ikael, have you truly... gone mad?'
No, she hadn't gone mad.
She truly intended to stop the war. She had decided to stand with
humanity, even abandoning the honor of being the strongest angel.
- Progress of the Elixir of Life: 98 percent.
Kariel's body trembled. Only 2 percent remained. And yet, Ataraxia was
imminent.
He saw Shirone's eyes glaring at him. Could a human really wield such
power?
It may be an illusion. The Elixir of Life must continue. But if the
current situation was real...
He would be obliterated.
"Ikaeeeeeeel!"
As Kariel let out a roar of anger, Shirone's Photon Cannon fired.