Chapter 220:
Heaven (3)
Kwakwakwakwakwa!
A flash of light emanated from Ataraxia.
Shirone couldn't control the output. As the distance increased, the
flash spread, filling the Great Hall of World with light.
Baalb crawled on the ground, flailing his arms and legs, but was soon
engulfed by the wave of light and vanished.
Objects in the path of the light were swept away, as if even space
itself was being pushed away.
Pooooong!
The Great World War, located at the end of the payment.
At the end of Zebul, in the Great Hall of World, the barrier of the
massive dome exploded, and two beams of light of unimaginable size split the sky.
"Gasp! Gasp!"
Shirone was on his knees, panting. Seeing the scene before him, his legs
gave out.
Half of the Great Hall of World was blown away. It was a result that he
couldn't believe he had done.
What had Ikael been thinking when he engraved this into his mind?
The only thing left in Shirone's sight was Kariel.
Behind him, the sky was visible, and the ground was gouged into a
massive Y shape.
The halo over Kariel's head was spinning at an incredible speed.
- Life... Wine progress... 99... percent.
Shirone looked back hurriedly.
Amy was desperately trying to tear off the panel stuck to her forehead.
But despite scratching to the point of bleeding, it showed no sign of coming off.
Just as he was about to fall into despair, the voice was heard
again.
- Transmission canceled. Life... Wine... stopping...
The panel embedded in Amy's forehead slid out and disintegrated into
particles smaller than dust.
Shirone sighed in relief and turned back to Kariel.
The archangel's face was distorted with a grim expression. Although
there was a temporal lag in the announcement, it was clear that he had regained his strength the moment
Ataraxia was activated.
It was an inevitable choice for Kariel.
Even if the Elixir of Life had proceeded, the result would have been the
same. Ataraxia's amplification power was not at a level that could be blocked while the Elixir of Life
had drained his mental strength.
Kariel flew up, spreading his huge golden wings.
"Do you understand now, foolish human? This is the Elixir of Life. Even
I, an archangel, must abandon everything and dedicate myself to create life!"
Kariel looked down at the scorched earth of the Great Hall of
World.
It was just a spell cast by a little child. Yet, it had this level of
destructive power.
Why should such power be given to humans?
Humans cannot control themselves. Even the most virtuous would succumb
to corruption before the temptation of power.
That boy would aim to become a king. He would dominate the world with
the power of an angel and indulge in all kinds of pleasures.
'That would be fine too.'
Wouldn't it be better to just send him back like this?
Then there would be no need for a final war, as the human world would
self-destruct.
But that couldn't be the case. There was no way Ikael wouldn't know what
he was thinking.
Then why on earth? Had she truly went mad?
How can she possibly think of transmitting the law of angel to humans if
she's not of sound mind?
'Does she trust that boy so much?'
What on earth did Ikael see in that human?
Of course, he acknowledged the talent. There's no way he could accept
the angel's law without any talent.
But that alone wasn't enough of an explanation. It was clear that there
was something he didn't know.
If so, he had to capture him now. If he missed this chance, a powerful
weapon threatening Heaven would fall into human hands.
"Don't beg me for mercy anymore."
Although Kariel declared war, Shirone and his group were too preoccupied
with planning their escape to hear.
Arin brought Canis and Amy protected Peope.
Tess ran to bring Rian, but Ymir was still there guarding the
spot.
Ymir, who had been staring indifferently at Tess's murderous eyes,
turned his gaze to Rian, who was kneeling.
Rian's face, tilted towards the ceiling, did not belong to a living
person.
His right hand was reduced to nothing but bones, yet he still clutched
the greatsword.
This was the terrifying nature of the Avatar Art, where mind and body
had become one.
"One win, one draw, one loss. Shall we call it a draw
today?"
"…."
"Kuku, you're so weak. Will there be anything left but bones when you
fight my main body?"
Ymir lifted his severed right arm. When he shoved it into Rian's mouth,
it dissolved into a black liquid and flowed down his throat.
"Take him. And cherish him If he survives, he might save humanity. That
would make for an interesting war for me too."
Ymir threw Rian, and as he slid across the floor, Tess quickly picked
him up.
The moment she saw the skeletal arm, tears welled up in her eyes, but
they had to go home first so that he could receive treatment.
A drone flew in and attached itself to Tess's arm like a
gauntlet.
She gave Ymir one last glare before turning and running towards
Arin.
Ymir, melting away from his legs up, smiled kindly.
He hoped Rian would survive. Humans must become stronger. So much so
that Heaven have no choice but to resurrect the King of Giants.
It was his destiny to destroy the humans who had become powerful.
'The day will come when we fight again. Until then, I'll sleep.'
Ymir dissolved into a dark liquid. There was no longer any
"part" of him left in Heaven. He would fall into a long sleep, waiting for the final war that
would come someday in the ice that would never melt.
- Shirone, we're ready!
Arin's voice echoed in Shirone's mind. Although he wanted to escape
immediately, the Meta Gate took 30 seconds to activate. The timing of this escape was a matter of life
and death.
Shirone knew that it was impossible for everyone to escape from Kariel,
who returned in perfect condition.
The only way was for at least one person to stay behind and buy time for
his friends to escape.
- Arin. Open the Meta Gate now. And get out no matter what.
- What about you?
- I'll stall for Kariel. If I can delay him by just one second, that
will be enough for you to escape.
- But Shirone! None of us would want something like that…
- Please. Make sure Amy gets home safely.
He was asking her to keep it a secret. If Amy knew Shirone was staying
behind, she would never leave.
Arin couldn't refuse Shirone's offer. S Someone had to survive, even if
it meant through another's sacrifice.
Just like Canis and Rian, Shirone was making a choice to save those he
cherished.
- Got it, Shirone. Give me the signal when you're ready.
Shirone mentally prepared himself.
What will become of him? His friends wouldn't come to Heaven to save
someone whose life or death was unknown.
If he died immediately, that would be fine, but there was a chance he'd
be captured by Kariel and subjected to all sorts of experiments.
He was scared.
Everyone leaves and only he remains.
'I'm sorry, Principal. You were right.'
A bitter smile appeared on Shirone's lips. But soon he glared at Kariel
with fierce eyes.
He had to charge. It took one second to open and enter the Meta Gate. He
just needed to distract Kariel for that one second.
By now, he must have explained the plan to his friends. He probably has
no idea that he will be left here.
Shirone took a deep breath.
It was a moment of farewell.
- Arin! Now!
As Arin opened the Meta Gate, Shirone rushed at Kariel.
Amy turned around with a surprised look.
'Why? Shirone?'
It was different from the plan she had heard. Weren't they supposed to
jump in simultaneously and leave the outcome to chance?
Realizing the situation from Arin's sorrowful expression, Amy burst into
tears and reached out her hand.
"No! Shiro...!"
Arin hugged Amy's waist and jumped into the Meta Gate portal. Tess,
holding Canis and Rian, also threw herself into the portal, closing her eyes tightly.
'Shirone, please... I hope we can see each other again.'
Shirone lifted his head and let his tears fall. His expression was a mix
of joy and sorrow.
It was fortunate that Kariel didn't care about his friends' situation.
Perhaps he had targeted only Shirone from the beginning. If that were the case, it was a relief.
He would let himself be captured if it meant saving his friends.
- Don't do that, Shirone.
The sudden mental resonance made him turn to the side. Peope, smiling,
was flying beside him.
- Peope, why are you still here?
Peope's thoughts rapidly invaded his mind.
- Humans are such strange creatures. The idea of choosing their own
lives. They are willing to accept even death for that.
- What are you talking about all of a sudden?
Shirone suddenly felt uneasy. He sensed that something was happening
that he didn't know about.
It was entirely possible. Perhaps the reason Arin approved the plan
was….
'No, that can't be. It shouldn't be.'
This little fairy had helped them. Even if left alone in Heaven, he
didn't feel like he had fallen into despair because Peope was there by his side.
- Extinction is a scary thing. But I thought to myself as I looked at
you all. Humans who can sacrifice their lives for the ones they love. I found that truly
admirable.
- Peope, no.
- Go back to your friends. And...
Tears welled up in Peope's eyes.
- I love you, Shirone.
Peope cut off the mental resonance and rushed toward Kariel.
Shirone watched her retreating figure in a daze. After a moment, his
legs stopped involuntarily, and his body turned towards the Meta Gate.
"Hurk! Heuk!"
Shirone ran towards the Meta Gate. His vision was blurred by tears,
making everything hard to see.
The world seemed hazy, like it was submerged in water. He felt
infinitely weak in the face of this miraculous opportunity.
He could go back. He could return to the original world and see everyone
again.
'Mom, Dad, I'm coming. I'll definitely come back...'
Shirone stood still. His different minds were fighting with equal
weight, but the thought that came to his mind was one promise he had made with Peope.
- If I get captured, will you come to rescue me? I mean... if we're
really friends.
- Of course.
"Of course... Peope."
Shirone clenched his fists and sobbed. Then, with the last of his
remaining mental strength, he casted Teleportation.
Her words that she loved him lingered in his mind like an auditory
hallucination.
For a one-year-old fairy, love was such an immense concept. It wasn't
the love between a man and a woman, nor the love between friends or parents, but a singular, unique
love.
Peope was a fairy with a pure and clear soul.
Leaving such a friend behind and returning home felt like a pain worse
than death.
'Peope! Please! Please wait!'
Peope, who faced imminent death, was terrified. Is this what extinction
feels like? Everything was so frightening and unfamiliar.
With every passing moment, an unknown world unfolded, and her emotions
swung from one extreme to another.
Was it really the right choice? Were her words to Arin completely
sincere?
- It's me Peope. If anyone must stay, everyone else should leave. I'll
hold off Kariel.
- But… what about you?
- I can't leave Heaven anyway. Besides, this is a duty for an Overseer
of the Divine Subjects like me.
Peope forced a smile.
'It's okay. I'm a fairy of spiral. No matter how much I waver, I keep
moving forward.'
Though she would never meet Ikirin, who had acknowledged her true worth,
she felt content knowing she had realized it at the end of her life.
The greatness wasn't in the Elixir of Life itself. The true greatness
was in the human sacrifice that willingly accepted the Elixir of Life.
She was glad that Shirone able to survive.
"What an arrogant fairy."
Kariel snorted and reached out his hand. With his power, he could
annihilate a fairy in an instant.
Peope's lips curled up as she sensed death. She eventually burst into
tears.
But she didn't back down. She extended her hands and shot out the power
of the spiral with all her might.
"Peope! Stop!"
Peope turned around at the unexpected voice of Shirone. At that moment,
Kariel brushed past her. The angel's slender hand aimed for Shirone's nape.
'I won't miss. Not you!'
He would study him. He would use any cruel method necessary to dissect
the mechanics of Ataraxia and make them his own.
Kaaaaang!
At that moment, a purple longsword pierced between Kariel's fingers.
Before she knew it, a black-haired man had stepped in front of Shirone.
It was Ashur, a subordinate of Ikael and one of the three-horned
Mara.
"Ashur... Are you here to interfere with my affair as well?"
"This is a message from Ikael-nim."
Anger appeared in Kariel's eyes.
This little damned three-horned mara? Does he still think that Ikael is
commanding Heaven?
Of course, there was a time when he respected Ikael. But she did
something she should never have done.
"The shame of Heaven is sending me a message?"
"Please be careful with your word."
"My word holds no fault. A noble angel who ascended to archangel,
bearing the seed of a mere human..." ("틀린 말은 아니지. 천사장까지 오른 고결한 천사가 하찮은 인간의 씨를…….")
"Ka-ri-el-nim!"
Ashur glared like a demon.
"I clearly stated it is a message from Ikael-nim."
Kariel kept his mouth shut. It was indeed a message from Ikael.
"She said that if you were to harm this boy, she will never be able to
treat you with good feelings."
Kariel's nostrils flared in rage. He couldn't understand her
motives.
Ikael had become disgraceful. She had fallen.
But he still thought of her as Ikael. It was his last lingering
affection for the angel he once admired.
But then she hits him in the back of the head like this.
Why does she, who has risen to the rank of the top of angels, devote so
much attention to a mere human?
Kariel had no choice but to maintain his pride in silence. Then Ashur
turned to Shirone and spoke.
"Go. Peope will be safe. I swear it on Ikael-nim's name."
Shirone, who had used up all her mental stength through Teleportation,
was in no condition to move. However, a faint smile spread across his face as he heard Ashur's
words.
If it was Ikael, he could trust her. She had entrusted everything to
him.
"Goodbye, Shirone."
Peope activated the power of spiral and sent Shirone flying towards the
Meta Gate. And those were the last words Shirone heard from Heaven.