Chapter 229:
Where is Shirone? (4)
He asked other students about Shirone's whereabouts, but only received
responses that they didn't know. He thought he'd come if he waited, but he figured it wouldn't hurt to
look around the academy, so he decided to go look for him.
As he wandered around, Dante found that the facilities were surprisingly
good. The campus was as expansive as that of the Royal Magic Academy. However, it was still a place he
didn't feel attached to.
Savina grumbled when she couldn't find Shirone no matter where they
went.
"Seriously, how hard is it to tell us where he is? They must really
trust him."
Closer burst into laughter.
"Hahahaha! Country bumpkins are always big on loyalty. They don't have
much skill but they sure do know how to act tough about things like that."
"But Iruki is here too."
Closer's laughter stopped at Dante's words. He also found it strange
that Iruki was at this academy.
"I don't understand. Why is someone from Mercodyne Family stuck in a
place like this?"
"He used to go to the same academy as us. Whether he was expelled or
left on his own, he disappeared after causing some trouble, and now we're meeting him here."
Dante decided not to overthink it. Iruki was someone he would have to
confront sooner or later anyway.
"It doesn't matter. The person our master is interested in is Shirone.
Let's deal with him first, and then we'll see."
Dante, who arrived at the cafeteria, watched the scene of seniors and
juniors meeting and exchanging greetings.
It was a common scene under the class system, but for someone who had
worked his way up from the bottom at the Royal Magic Academy, he found it laughable.
"Oh my, what era are we in that they still have a class system? This
Alpheas guy is really old-fashioned."
"That's right. From what I read in the magazine, it looks like the
ranking system is only applied to the graduating class."
"Kekek, no wonder these kids have no fighting spirit. Did you see that
tofu-faced guy go down with just one punch?"
Dante left the conversation behind and walked towards the students.
After all, if the system is like that, shouldn't they enjoy the privileges?
The students all turned around at the sight of Dante. Is there a student
at a magic academy who doesn't admire Dante? It was just amazing that the greatest star was attending
the same academy.
Dante stood with his hands in his pockets, waiting for a reaction. When
none came, he frowned and spoke.
"What are you doing? Your senior is here, why aren't you greeting
him?"
The younger students, who had been staring blankly, quickly snapped out
of it and bowed.
"H- Hello! Senior!"
Even though it was just childs' play, it felt good to receive a
greeting.
Dante, who was looking at the juniors, discovered a woman who looked at
least two years older than him.
Ordinarily, she should have been in Class Four, but here she was,
standing among kids. It was a sight to behold.
"Hey, you."
"M- Me, Senior?"
Maria from Class Six pointed to herself.
"Yeah, how old are you?"
"I'm nineteen."
Dante made a face of disdain. Since she was so meek, it was no wonder
she eaten up her age and hung out with the kids.
"You know Shirone, right?"
"Senior Shirone? Yes, I know."
"Where's he now?"
"I, I don't know."
He hadn't expected much from someone like her anyway.
Feeling he might as well head into the cafeteria, he started walking,
only for Closer to step in as if taking a baton pass.
For Closer, who boasted of his many female conquests at the Royal Magic
Academy, Maria was the perfect prey.
"Wow, aren't you cute? What's your name, pretty sister?"
"My name is Erlang Maria."
A look of discomfort appeared on Maria's face. While she had no issue
with the class system after attending the magic academy from a young age, having her age emphasized in
this way was inevitably upsetting.
"You know how to frown too? This isn't how you should treat a
senior."
"I'm, I'm sorry."
Closer was satisfied. Why were the students at this academy so naive?
Feeling even more confident, he pulled Maria by the wrist and leaned in.
"Don't be so sorry. Why don't you hang out with me? Being around these
inexperienced kids must be so frustrating. I might look like this, but I'm pretty solid, you
know."
Maria's face turned bright red. Unable to tolerate it any longer, she
tried to pull her hand away, but Closer's grip was too strong.
At that moment, Mark stepped forward and grabbed Closer's wrist.
"That's enough, Senior."
Closer's face twisted. The strength he felt was considerable. It was
rare for a mage to train their body, so he looked up to see that Mark was indeed as big as he
was.
"A junior grabbing a senior's wrist? This academy is a mess."
"And what exactly are you doing, Senior? Harassing a female junior is
against academy rules."
"Harassment? This isn't harassment. This is just natural flirting
between a man and a woman."
"Maria is clearly uncomfortable."
"What do you know about handling women, kid? At that age, if you pull
her hard, she'll pretend not to be able to lose. If not, what? Were you planning on making a move
yourself?"
Mark lost all sense of reason.
"You little..."
"Hahahaha! This little brat is totally pissed! Do you really like her?
Is that why you're fidgeting? Because you're afraid I'll steal her?"
Mark wanted to shout out honestly, but he pushed back the words that
were rising to his throat. He couldn't even reach Shirone's toes yet. But someday....
"Maria is my friend. And I don't tolerate anyone disrespecting my
friends. Senior or teacher, it doesn't matter. If you want respect, you have to earn it."
Closer's expression changed. His face, devoid of any smile, was utterly
cold.
"Really? Then I'll make you respect me. You'll be eating dirt."
Without any agreement, the two moved apart. Using magic on academy
ground was forbidden, so the watching students tensed up. However, neither Closer nor Mark entered
Spirit Zone.
"Of course, real men settle things with their fists. Don't you think
so?"
"It's funny hearing the word 'man' from someone like you."
"Kekek, you're dying for a fight. Bring it on, kid."
Closer adopted a boxing stance and beckoned with his hand.
Mark, enraged, charged forward. He didn't care about the consequences;
he just wanted to take down the guy who was harassing Maria.
In that moment, Closer sidestepped backward.
Mark was furious. After acting like he was ready to fight, now
backstepping?
Feigning an attack to Closer's face, Mark saw Closer duck and
immediately switched to an uppercut to his stomach.
'Got him!'
With his full 80-kilogram frame behind the punch, there was no way
Closer would stay standing.
"Ugh!"
But it was Mark whose face twisted in pain.
It felt like hitting a rock. This wasn't a human body. He must be hiding
something in his stomach...
At that moment, Closer's counterpunch struck Mark's face.
Mark's pupils shook violently.
'What is this?'
In one blow, his nerves connecting the head and the body were
paralyzed.
Since he was interested in brawl, he had sparred with martial artists
who were known to be strong, but his power was different from theirs.
"Puhahahaha! You're so weak? How is it? Do you respect me now?
Huh?"
When Mark regained his senses at Closer's voice, he found himself curled
up on the ground, getting kicked repeatedly.
"What do you think? Isn't it fun? Is it fun to be stepped on like a
dog by your senior?"
Even as the pain mounted, Mark was so angry that it was
unbearable.
His mind was ready to rise up and fight back, but his body couldn't move
an inch.
Maria rushed over and hugged Mark.
"Please stop! He's going to die at this rate!"
"Huhu, what are you talking about? Who are you trying to blame? This kid
threw the first punch, didn't he?"
Maria realized why Closer had conceded the first attack.
If this continued, Mark would not only get beaten up but could also face
disciplinary action.
"I'm sorry. I'll apologize. I'll even get on my knees and beg, so please
stop."
Dante stepped in to settle the situation. If they make a big deal out of
things from day one, the future will be a hassle.
"Listen carefully, juniors. From now on, when you see us, you bow at a
90-degree angle. Remember what happens if you disrespect your seniors. Look at this guy and remember
well."
As Dante and his crew left, the students breathed a sigh of relief. It
seemed that the greatest star in the kingdom was also great at instilling fear.
Maria, on the verge of tears, checked on Mark.
"Mark, are you okay? You idiot, why did you do that?"
Mark was already back to his senses. Being in Maria's embrace felt like
a dream, so he let his mind drift. But not wanting to worry her, he quickly sat up.
"I'm okay. This is nothing."
While Maria checked to see if there was bone broken, Mark glared at
Dante and his crew as they walked away.
"Those guys are really dangerous. Acting so recklessly, what are they
trying to achieve?"
"I don't know. I heard they're Principal Olivia's disciple, so they
might acting up because of that. Kingdom's greatest star, my foot. They're just thugs."
When the principal changed, everything changed. The students thought of
today's incident as a coincidence, but Mark, who had once been like Dante and his crew, knew better.
What happened today could be just the prelude to something much bigger.
@
Thad, walking down the hallway of the advanced class building next to
Olivia, felt like dying.
He was given a special mission from Alpheas to help the new principal
adjust, so he was forced to work as her secretary.
"Excuse me, Principal. Let's go on our tour later and eat first. The
food at our academy cafetaria is renowned."
Olivia pretended not to hear and looked through the papers. It was
amazing how she could walk so fast while reading.
"Why are there so many 8th-rank teachers here? How can 8th-rank
instructors teach students in this day and age? In the kingdom, well-known students are even given an
unofficial 9th-rank degree. Those who are expected to graduate are promoted to the official
level."
Thad wanted to ask what the point was of mage students making a name for
themselves in the kingdom.
But he remembered his mentor's advice to approach the situation with a
meditative mindset and tried to persuade her calmly.
"Most of the 8th-rank teachers are experts in a field other than magic.
We have a faculty with professional expertise in philosophy, art, and technology to enhance the
character education of our students."
"This is a specialized school. We should prioritize magic above all
else and leave miscellaneous education to the families. Who are the stars here at Alpheas? At the Royal
Magic Academy, there's Airhein Dante; at Oris, there's Miko Raina; and even at Floran City Public
Academy, which isn't one of the top five prestigious academies, there's Exion Cabael, whom the students
are crazy about."
"But, Principal, how many such students are there in the
kingdom?"
"That doesn't matter. What matters is that they exist. It's crucial
that other schools have them, but we don't. This kind of mindset is why this school has been at the
bottom for the past decade. Aren't the teachers here too complacent?"
Olivia asked without giving him a chance to answer.
"The faculty needs a sense of urgency. An academy aiming to be
among the top five should have brilliant and young teachers. Even Oliver Sienna wouldn't rank in the top
tier by the standards of the Royal Magic Academy. Honestly, in the entire kingdom, the only teacher here
who stands out is Romi Ethella."
Thad wanted to sew Olivia's mouth shut. He believed that a teacher who
genuinely cared about educating students was a good teacher. However, she seemed to want to rank even
the teachers by their skills.
"We need more, or we need to develop them. Oh, and holding regular
seminars could be beneficial."
Letters began to appear on the notepad floating to Olivia's right. It
was a form of word magic called dot writing, the ability to transcribe speech into text.
Her speech was so rapid that Thad suspected she was using supersonic
pronunciation (a technique of word magicians to speak at high speeds), yet the writing speed kept
up.