Chapter 230:
Where is Shirone? (5)
Olivia suddenly stopped as if she had just remembered something.
"This won't do. I will personally observe the afternoon classes. I'll go
through all the classes starting from Class Ten, so please prepare."
"Yes, understood."
Thad answered as if he was under a spell. It was hard to resent someone
who was genuinely trying to raise the academy's reputation.
As Olivia hurried her steps again, Shirone approached her from across
the hallway. It was still early for him to have finished lunch, so Thad tilted his head and
asked,
"Shirone? What's the matter?"
"Oh, hello."
Olivia looked closely at Shirone as he approached. This was the boy
Alpheas had mentioned as resembling himself. But the Alpheas she knew wasn't like this.
Well, she had met him when he was in his early thirties, around the time
he lost his wife and became a wreck. So, perhaps this boy represented the light of Mirhi Family, the way
Alpheas had been before marriage.
"You must be Shirone."
"Yes, it's a pleasure to meet you."
"Indeed. It must be lunchtime now, right?"
"I wanted to meet, Principal. I went to the principal's office, but he
wasn't there."
"Of course. Starting today, I am the principal."
"Oh, I'm sorry."
When Shirone realized his slip of the tongue and panicked, Thad quickly
intervened and hushed up the situation.
"Master will be in his personal library. There's an annex to the right
of the central building. Go there and you should find him."
Thad motioned for him to hurry up. Realizing what was happening, Shirone
nodded and went back the way he came.
"Phew! That was suffocating."
Once outside, Shirone took a deep breath.
The aura emitted by the second-rank archmage was something he had never
experienced before.
He had felt pressure from Arcane, but Olivia surpassed even that. Only
after leaving her presence did he realize he hadn't been breathing properly.
After calming down, Shirone went to the annex as Thad had told him. He
grabbed the doorknob and knocked on the door, and Alpheas, dressed in casual attire, greeted him.
"I've been expecting you. Come in."
Shirone looked around the simple annex and then fixed his gaze on the
portrait hanging on the wall.
Alpheas pointed to it and introduced it.
"My wife, Erina. You've heard about her, haven't you?"
"Yes. Hello."
Shirone bowed to the portrait. For some reason, he felt like he had to
do it. Alpheas raised an eyebrow at the odd gesture but didn't tell him to stop.
"Right, I'm sure you have a lot to talk about. But before we get
into that… Are you hungry?"
"A bit, actually."
"I made some mushroom soup. Let's eat together."
The two sat across from each other and ate. Alpheas was just as curious
as Shirone, but he waited patiently. Starting a conversation was always the hardest part.
"Principal, I've been to Heaven."
Clang, the utensils fell. Alpheas, who had soup trickling down his chin,
hurriedly swallowed and wiped his beard.
He couldn't believe it, but when he looked at Shirone's face, it was
true. It wasn't the face of a traveler who had been to an amazing place or an explorer who had
discovered something incredible.
"When you say Heaven..."
"I'm sorry. It just happened that way. Canis…."
Alpheas was silent for a while after hearing the whole story. Especially
since this was the first he had heard that Arcane had gone to Heaven.
Indeed, looking back, he was a man of many secrets. He chose evil over
good and evil, but he was a person close to nihilism.
"Principal, I have a question. How did Miro come to be in charge of that
task?"
Alpheas realized Shirone's guess. But his thoughts did not change. It
was already in the past and couldn't be undone. One person dwelling in the past was enough.
'Gaold….'
Micaea Gaold. Now considered a First-Class Archmage in the kingdom, but
to Alpheas, he remained a pure-hearted young man, forever his disciple in memory.
"Shirone, don't try to learn everything. This is a supranational
matter. The moment you step into it, your life will get entangled."
"But if Miro...!"
"What difference does it make if you know?"
Shirone kept his mouth shut. Knowing wouldn't change anything. Even now,
this world was maintained by the strength of just one person.
"Principal, if army of Heaven breaks through Miro's space-time…."
Alpheas shook his head.
"After Miro blocked Heaven's army, think tanks from various
countries have been preparing for a long time. Do you understand, Shirone? Nothing will change. You have
your dreams. Don't ruin your life by being tied down to untouchable truths."
The same words he had said before going to Galliant Island, but now
Shirone understood. Just by dipping his feet in for a moment, he almost ruined not only his own life but
also the lives of his friends.
"Yes, don't worry. I felt it deeply too."
Alpheas smiled kindly.
"Ataraxia is impressive, even to me. In ancient times, the
abilities of angels were called dragon-slaying magic. If you have the chance later, look up the history
of the dragon race. They have a much longer history than humans and can tell you more about
angels."
Shirone unexpectedly obtained some good information. Up until now, he
had only thought about the relationship between Heaven and humans, but when he looked closely, it was an
issue intertwined with the entire world.
'I need to study the history of other races too.'
After concluding his thoughts, Shirone asked.
"Should I take responsibility for this power?"
"Hoho, Shirone, there's no such thing. No one knows what results your
choices will bring. You must think and decide for yourself."
"I hesitate so many times."
"Hohoho! That's a natural phenomenon. You can say that you're stronger
than me at least for the moment Ataraxia is unfolded."
Alpheas' words were not a lie. If Shirone's story was not an
exaggeration, the moment the Ataraxia magic circle opened, it would have been a power that even a
certified 4th-rank mage could not stop.
But Shirone wasn't happy.
Because he knew what Alpheas meant by the prerequisite, 'The moment
Ataraxia is unfolded.'
Theory and reality are two completely different things. Leaving the
Immortal Function open and defenseless for a minute is no different than sticking your neck out and
waiting to be cut down in real life.
"I understand what Principal is trying to say. It's true that it's a
power that's still overwhelming for me. I will train diligently and make it my own."
"Yes. You have found a good connection. It is yours. Embrace it and
ponder it deeply."
"Yes, thank you."
When he confessed to Alpheas, his heart felt much lighter. It might seem
like passing the responsibility to an adult, but it was natural.
What Shirone could do was to grow up quickly and share their
responsibilities.
As Shirone returned to academy, Alpheas locked the door and returned
with a serious expression.
It was new information about Heaven after a year.
When Miro returned from Heaven, she accepted the reality that she had to
save everyone at the cost of her sacrifice.
But Shirone was different. He fought against heaven.
Conflict creates enemies, but it also creates allies.
Shirone gained a comrade in return for his struggle in Heaven. The world
will take notice of his achievements that have a different meaning from Miro's.
"My dear, honestly, I am afraid. Now I don't know who the child
is."
Ataraxia. He said irresponsible things to him, telling him to embrace it
and handle it himself.
But giving advice on a power one can't handle isn't his nature.
"It's been a long time since my blood boiled like this. Saying this
might make you sad, but I wonder if my mistake of letting you go was to meet this boy someday."
He didn't think that he was the only one who could teach Shirone, but
his failures in his younger days would certainly serve as a foundation for Shirone's growth.
"What do you think? Can I be a little more greedy?"
The portrait of Erina was smiling.
@
Arin was enjoying a pleasant stroll through the flower garden behind the
advanced class section, where the autumn flowers were in full bloom. It was a narrow, secluded space
that no one visited, but she liked it even more because of that.
Even though most of the lessons were things she already knew, adjusting
to an academy for the first time in her life was more challenging than expected.
"Arin, were you waiting long?"
Canis came running with a rice ball in his arms. Although Alpheas had
paid for their tuition, including board and lodging, he didn't want to rely on the academy's provisions.
It may have been childish stubbornness to refuse meals while using the lodging, but Alpheas did not stop
him.
It's the academy that killed Arcane. Even without mentioning his young
age, his determination to keep his sense of duty to their master was admirable.
"Let's eat. I hope I got the seasoning right this time."
Arin sat in the flower bed and ate the rice ball. Initially, they were
too salty to eat, but the taste was gradually improving.
Canis said, munching on his food.
"Maybe I should get a night job or something."
"Canis, Principal is giving you an allowance. It seems stupid to be
stubborn."
"I know. But the moment you think it's a given, it's over. We might have
to accept some things, but we should gradually refuse. I can't just wave a white flag to the enemies of
Master."
Canis added a word.
"If it gets really desperate, we'll use it. But I don't want to rely on
it."
What Canis said wasn't wrong. More than anything, they were still not
used to mingling with the other kids in the cafeteria.
"Tch, not here either. Where the hell did they go?"
Dante and his crew entered the garden. Canis had heard of them through
rumors but didn't want to pay them any mind. They were supposedly the stars of the kingdom or something,
but it was all just childish nonsense to him.
"Should we ask?"
Dante noticed Canis and approached. Up close, they looked so pitiful it
was almost tear-jerking. He thought they might be on a date, but there they were, crouching and
miserably eating rice balls. It was clear that they were being ostracized. In any organization, there
are always people who are left out.
"Hey, are you guys from Class Four?"
Dante asked, but there was no response. He had spoken loudly enough for
them to hear, but it seemed the rice balls were all they could focus on.
Closer commented.
"You don't have money to buy food? Is it because it's a rural academy
that they accept students from poor families? The standards are so low that I can't stand it."
Arin glanced at Closer briefly, then, as if afraid his food might be
taken, chewed quickly like a squirrel.
She had known since childhood that the person who belittles food is
usually the first to grab a fork.
Closer was taken aback. Despite her slender frame, the girl had a huge
appetite.
"Are you starving? Eat slowly; I'm not going to take your food."
There was still no response from the two. Dante was growing impatient.
Perhaps because it was the countryside, he kept seeing unusual sights that he could not even see in the
city.
"Are the other kids bullying you, so you hide to eat? You live such
pathetic lives. Just go crazy and fight back. Don't just take it."
"So what?"
Canis couldn't hold back and looked up. The thing he hated most was
being disturbed while eating.
Dante, looking into Canis's eyes, realized his mistake. Pragmatism? No,
this was not mere practical toughness, but a deeper-seated hostility. This guy had crossed some
line.
Seeing a reaction, Closer cracked his knuckles.
"Huh? Acting tough, huh? Do you think you'll come to your senses after
getting punched?"
"Stop it, Closer."
Dante intervened. He had a feeling that messing with them would only get
them dirty too. Despite the situation, Arin showed no signs of tension.
Did this mean they were confident? Or had they survived battles
surrounded by corpses?
"Hey, are you the top of Class Four?"
"Top? The top is Shirone, isn't it?"
'Is this guy also Shirone?'
Dante was lost in thought. Following Iruki, Canis also pointed out
Shirone. Finally, it felt like the pieces were coming together. Master Olivia had pinpointed it
accurately.