Chapter 231:
Where is Shirone? (6)
"Where's Shirone?"
"How would I know? Isn't he in the cafeteria?"
"He's not, that's why I'm asking."
Canis had a guess. Shirone had probably gone to report about the events
in Heaven to Alpheas.
He could tell them and get rid of these annoying guys, but he wasn't in
the mood for that.
"What do you want with Shirone?"
"I'm going to crush him. You said Shirone is the best, so if I beat
him, you'll fall in line under me too."
"Hahahaha!"
Canis laughed at the absurdity. Then Closer approached him with glaring
eyes.
"What's so funny? Don't you know who we are?"
"Do you even know who Shirone is?"
Dante said.
"We know. He's the one who has reached the level of Immortal
Function. But so what? If you think being a mage is like meditating, you're mistaken. Magic is a killing
art, plain and simple."
Canis had no objection to that either. After hanging around wise-like
man like Shirone, it was refreshing to hear a bit of harsh truth.
But if Shirone was really just a kind and naive pushover, he would have
been trampled on by him a long time ago.
Shirone was different. That was the key.
"I'm telling you this out of concern, but you should really avoid
messing with him. You remind me of my younger self."
"Hahaha! So you're saying that just because you lost, I will too? Turns
out you're just a loser."
Canis remained calm. The years he lived were not beautiful enough to
waste his emotions on cheap provocations.
"It doesn't matter whether you win or lose. Have you ever hit rock
bottom?"
"I don't know what you're talking about, but I've never fallen.
Unlike you."
"Then give it a try. You'll find out what it's like to be crushed to the
lowest depths you can imagine. Kukukuk."
Dante's face flushed red. Back in the capital, Bashka, no one dared to
look down on him. It wasn't because this place was impressive but because they were ignorant. From the
start, he shouldn't have bothered dealing with these country bumpkins.
"That's funny. I'll take him down. And when I do, you'll be the one
kneeling before me."
When Dante disappeared with his crew, Canis lost his appetite. He
couldn't understand why so many nobles lived in such a self-centered way.
Arin said while chewing her food.
"That's surprising, Canis. You just said that Shirone was the
best."
"I hate dealing with trouble. I don't want any attention in a place
like this."
"Well, I guess Shirone can handle himself just fine."
Canis pouted. Even though he didn't know for sure, he thought that Arin,
as a member of the Heaven Crew, would be a little worried.
"That's true, but… why does that sound so irresponsible?"
"Urm, no. I really think it'll be okay if it's Shirone."
Arin said this as she licked her fingers, then looked at the rice ball
still in Canis's hand.
"Are you finished with that?"
"No, this…."
Canis defensively pulled the rice ball closer. He should have eaten it
quickly. Thanks to those annoying people, he was about to lose his meal.
"Yeah, I'm done. You can have it."
"Hehe, thanks."
Arin regained her composure and asked, now that her hunger had
subsided.
"Come to think of it, Shirone seems to have a lot of
enemies."
"But he also has a lot of allies. He won't be lonely."
Canis looked up at the clear sky. Even now, Harvest was analyzing the
Book of Light and Darkness that he had brought from Heaven.
Since he inherited Arcane's legacy, he didn't feel impatient. Isn't it
okay to have this kind of leisure sometimes? They've been running around like crazy until now.
"Slowly, we can take our time."
"Yeah, let's do that."
Canis looked back at Arin with a smile, then shook his head as if he
couldn't stop her and patted her on the back.
"Eat slowly."
Battle Simulation (1)
After lunch, it was time for the integrated advanced class. As usual,
the instructor was Ethella, and the location was the training ground with the Image Zone.
After about 10 minutes, Shirone came running out of breath.
He had gotten so used to teleporting during the break that he hadn't
realized how exhausting it would be to run here.
"Ah, Teacher Ethella. I'm sorry. I tried to make it on
time."
"That's okay. Nade told me about it. Go ahead and get ready for
class."
Dante and his group realized that meeting Shirone during lunch had been
impossible from the start, leaving them with sour expressions.
If that were the case, why didn't someone just tell them instead of
leading them on a wild goose chase?
"Alright, everyone. It's good to see you all. I see we have some
new faces this semester. Dante, Closer, Savina, welcome to Alpheas Magic Academy. Let's all give them a
round of applause."
Dante raised the corners of his mouth in amazement. He had high
expectations since it was said to be a subject taught by Romi Ethella, who was famous even at the Royal
Magic Academy, but the impression she gave was beyond his expectations.
She had a gentle face, large glasses, and her hair was loosely tied. He
heard she was a monk, so he could understand that much, but her teaching style reminded him of the nanny
who had taught him when he was seven.
What was even more baffling was that the students were clapping
seriously, even at this childish instruction.
"Let's start the lesson. Lower-class students, focus on the
four-way transformation and sequencing exercises. Upper-class students, work on mental pulse, targeting,
and sequencing."
Savina whispered to Closer.
"It seems like the graduation and advanced classes are completely
different here."
"Yeah. I was looking forward to the practical training session, but it's
just as boring."
The only thing Savina was looking forward to when she transferred was
the class taught by Ethella, who had been given the title of Triple.
The title "Triple" was given to someone who had achieved level
6 or higher in three different fields, and Ethella had earned this title in magic, martial arts, and
spiritual discipline (Spirit Zone). She was a rising star in the education world.
But once the class started, Savina found that not only was Ethella's
tone childlike, but the curriculum was just as dull, focusing on basic training.
Savina raised her hand and asked a question.
"Teacher, aren't we going to do other training? I'd like to learn
the Sniper Mode."
"That's a specialized subject, so it's not taught in the advanced
class."
"But I'm sure Ms. Ethella can teach me well. To be honest, I transferred
here just to take this one class."
"The advanced class is about finding your aptitude. Even Sniper
Mode ultimately stems from the transformation of the four-way system. You won't be too late in learning
applied techniques once you've thoroughly mastered the basics."
"Umm, is there no way you could teach it to me privately? If I
could say I learned from Professor Ethella, I could brag to my friends."
It seemed that, in the capital region, the prestige of one's teacher was
a significant point of pride.
While that might be the case in Bashka, it wasn't something Ethella
could address. Moreover, according to Alpheas Magic Academy's rules, teachers couldn't teach subjects
outside their designated responsibilities.
"I would like to, but it wouldn't be fair to others. If you're
really eager to learn Sniper Mode, then work hard to improve your skills and join the graduation class
as soon as possible."
A loud voice was heard at the entrance to the training ground.
"That's not necessarily the case. Being too strict about the
fundamentals can sometimes hinder progress."
Olivia walked in, followed by all the teachers from the advanced classes
like attendants.
Along with Ethella, Thad and Sienna, who are called the three pillars of
Alpheas Magic Academy, were also seen.
The two exchanged glances with Ethella, shrugging as if to say,
"Can you believe this?"
It was only possible because they were outside Olivia's line of
sight.
"Hello, Principal."
Ethella greeted her with the courtesy of a monk. Olivia nodded in
acknowledgment and looked around at the students.
"From what I observed at the entrance, a student here is eager to
learn applied techniques. If a student's passion lies in learning, shouldn't a teacher be willing to
teach?"
"But according to the rules..."
"Aah, I'm aware of that. However, as time passes, rules can change.
Having someone as renowned as Zoner as a teacher and only having them teach the basics seems quite
inefficient to me."
Since Ethella was such a great Zoner, Alpheus had deliberately asked her
to teach the kids the basics in the advanced class.
However, Olivia had a different perspective. While the basics were
important, achieving visible results was crucial for the academy's reputation.
"Each of these students has a unique personality. Trying to mold
them all under the same class structure is futile. If there's room for improvement, we need to actively
push for it."
Although Thad and Sienna are never one to avoid debate, they are keeping
their mouths tightly shut right now.
The rank of a certified 2nd-rank archmage was that significant.
The criteria for classifying the ranks of mages were unified worldwide.
It was called the Line, and it was a huge human resource network system that managed all mages.
There were three main Lines in the world, with the Red Line, managed by
the Magic Association, being the broadest channel.
All mages, classified from 1st to 10th class, whether certified or not,
were part of the Red Line.
Teachers within the Red Line system knew how incredibly difficult it was
to reach Olivia's level.
Since there are usually less than five certified 1st-rank mages in the
kingdom, even a certified 2nd-rank mage is considered the pinnacle of the Red Line.
Thus, no matter how eccentric her philosophy might be, there was no room
to argue against someone who had risen to the rank of a certified 2nd-rank mage.
Ethella spoke up. As a Zoner, she was also of Red Line, but on the other
hand, as a monk with no connection to the mages network, she had more freedom to speak than the other
teachers.
"Students in the advanced class still lack a deep understanding of
magic. I believe it's important not just to have a personality that stands out from others, but to find
a unique individuality that no one else can imitate. That's why we emphasize the basics so
much."
The teachers' faces turned pale. On the other hand, Thad and Sienna
secretly raised their thumbs. Ethella might have a gentle appearance, but her inner strength was
undeniable.
"Is that what you think? Fine. Then how about we verify how solid
the basics are of the students Teacher Sienna have taught using the Lifting Evaluation
Method?"
Ethella had heard of the Lifting Evaluation Method at academic
conferences. It was often said to be more objective than other evaluation methods and was an effective
test for assessing the overall level of a Spirit Zone.
Shirone and his group felt their hearts race as they watched the
teachers' fight.
"Whew, not just Teacher Ethella, but the Principal isn't one to be taken
lightly either."
"That's right. If this continues, something will really go wrong,
right?"
"No way. Even Teacher Sienna can't say a word."
Ethella nodded confidently.
"Very well. I'm not boasting, but I'm confident that the basics of the
students I've taught can hold up against any other academy."
"In that case, let's begin. Has anyone in Class Four ever done Spirit
Zone Lifting training?"
The only ones who raised their hands were Dante's group. Alpheas had
rejected it due to a lack of proven effectiveness, but the Royal Magic Academy had already formally
adopted it a year ago.
"I see. Then, since everyone is probably curious about the transfer
student's capabilities, would you mind giving us a demonstration, Dante?"
"Yes. It is my honor, Principal."
As Dante walked to the center of the Image Zone, Olivia instructed the
teacher to set the target's sensitivity to the maximum level.
Ethella then explained the Lifting test to the students.
"The Lifting Test is designed to evaluate the overall functionality of
the Spirit Zone. It involves holding a highly reactive target within the Spirit Zone. Since the target
bounces in an unspecified direction depending on the change in density, specific gravity, and shape of
Spirit Zone, the longer it is held, the more functional and effective one's Spirit Zone is."
Dante positioned himself at the center of the Image Zone. With a snap of
his fingers, a spherical target materialized above his head.