Chapter 233:
Battle Simulation (3)
Dante could no longer bear the insults.
"Is this for real? You think I'm a joke? You expect me to believe
that?"
"What Shirone said is true."
Iruki came over and wrapped his arm around Shirone's shoulder.
"I understand why you're upset, but Shirone really doesn't know who
you are. That's because he's been in this magic academy for less than a year. This is only his second
semester."
Dante stuck out his lips with a dumbfounded expression. Given that the
semester had just begun, it meant that Shirone had been learning magic for only about half a year. And
yet, it was difficult to understand that his Spirit Zone was as big as his own.
'No, no. These guys must be conspiring to corner me.'
Feigning nonchalance, Dante scoffed.
"Hmph, so you're telling me that everyone here has been bowing down
to a guy who's only been learning magic for half a year? Are all the kids at this academy trash?"
The students were furious, but they could not bring themselves to
question Dante because what he said was true.
The only person qualified to respond was Shirone himself.
"Why do you have to put it that way? We don't learn magic to defeat
others."
"Haha! You speak well. Well, I haven't seen your skills for myself yet,
so I can't say for sure."
Regardless of why magic was originally created, modern society operates
on a system of endless competition. In such a situation, to focus on the essence of things was either
the idealism of the weak or the hypocrisy of the strong.
Dante, who was convinced that it was the latter, stood on tiptoe to look
down at Shirone.
"I'll expose all your lies. Just you wait."
@
After the day's classes ended, the teachers of the advanced class
gathered in the meeting room.
Olivia was carefully writing down the problems she had found while
inspecting the academy throughout the day. Then, she placed a fresh sheet of paper on the table and
began the meeting.
"Since we have already toured together, I don't think there is any need
for a lengthy explanation. If things continue like this, the academy's ranking will drop even further. I
think special measures are needed."
The teachers had already anticipated that Olivia would drop a bombshell.
But the question was, what kind of bombshell?
"I've considered various methods, but it's clear there aren't any
suitable alternatives within the advanced class. However, there is one approach we can take: adopting
the graduation class's system."
The teachers' eyes widened. Before they could fully process what she was
suggesting, Olivia made her declaration.
"I propose that we open the Combat Simulation Training Grounds,
Heaven's Trials (이천번異天煩), to the advanced class."
Thad stood up as he slammed the table.
"Principal! Heaven's Trials is too dangerous. Even the graduating class
is using the training grounds under the teacher's control."
"What exactly is so dangerous? There's no need to coddle the
students. Even if Heaven's Trials is close to actual combat, we can lower the synchronization
rate."
Seeing that Olivia was serious, Thad tried to reason with her
calmly.
"Principal's approach is also right in some ways. It is true that we
have overprotected the children in the advanced classes. However, I dare say that our graduation class
is by no means lacking in quality. They are competing at a sufficiently high level of intensity, and I
believe it's sufficient to limit such training to them."
"How can the upper tier be intense if the middle tier isn't? The
advanced class is the stepping stone to the graduation class, but where do you get the graduating class
of this academy? With that mindset, you won't achieve any innovation. You need to rethink your
approach."
Ethella spoke up.
"But then what about the graduation class? Heaven's Trials is open
to them every day."
"I'm aware there are two Heaven's Trials training grounds.
Including the Colosseum, which is used for graduation exams, there are three locations. If we manage the
schedule well, we should be able to utilize one of them in the advanced class."
The teachers fell silent. The graduation class conducts real combat
training through Heaven's Trials. While it's not impossible to apply this to the advanced class, the
intangible value of the pride held by the graduation class must be considered.
Above all, it would go against the educational philosophy that Alpheas
has upheld for decades, working tirelessly for the school.
As the silence dragged on, the atmosphere became unclear—was this meant
to be a meeting or a confrontation? Olivia, who had been patiently waiting for opinions, finally
nodded.
"Alright, I see what's going on. Is it that you can't listen to me
because I'm only here temporarily? Is Alpheas still the headmaster in your hearts?"
"N- No, that's not it at all...!"
"It's okay to be honest. It's something any human might feel. But
don't be mistaken. As the current chairwoman of Teacher Association and former principal of Royal Magic
Academy, I didn't come to the academy just to patch Alpheas's gap. Alpheas himself is well aware of
this, which is why he came to me personally to ask for my help."
Thad was sweating profusely. As Olivia had said, she was the current
principal. And the teachers had to acknowledge that fact.
But what cannot be done, cannot be done. She would be gone in six
months. Alpheas' philosophy was the academy's history and tradition, and it needed to be
maintained.
"No one here denies your reputation, Miss Olivia. I, too, respect
you deeply. But such a sudden request is something we..."
"Do as Olivia says."
The teachers turned around in unison. Alpheas, who had entered through
the back door, was smiling. With the mental support of the teachers now present, Olivia showed signs of
irritation.
"What is this? Are you here to supervise me? I don't believe I need
Alpheas' permission to exercise the authority granted to me."
"Not at all. I was just out for a walk and thought I heard some
high-spirited discussion. Hohoho!"
"Then kindly stay out of it, Former Principal."
"Before I go, I would like to say a few words to my former student.
Thad, remember that Olivia is the current headmaster. You'll have to be well aware of that."
"Understood."
When Alpheas himself stepped forward and drove the wedge in, the other
teachers found themselves without further arguments. There had been doubts about whether they had truly
handed over full authority to a temporary headmaster for six months, but now there was no room for
doubt.
"Haha! Well then, this old man will take his leave."
Olivia scoffed but refrained from further showing her displeasure. It
was something that needed to be firmly established at least once.
When Olivia turned to look at Thad, he bowed his head, mentally
prepared, and said.
"I will announce this to the advanced class."
@
A notice was posted on the advanced class bulletin board, informing them
that future integrated education would be conducted at Training Ground 27.
The lower class students were confused, but those in the upper classes,
who knew what that place was, couldn't help but feel tense.
Nade and Iruki also sensed that the situation was not normal.
"Isn't that where Heaven's Trial is? Is this really
okay?"
"You didn't expect it to end smoothly anyway, did you? What's the
difference? It's not like we'll die."
As Iruki said, they wouldn't die, but it was indeed dangerous.
This battle simulation wasn't like the childish war games they used to
play, making sound effects with their mouths.
"Still, it's nerve-wracking. Are they really going through with
it?"
"Who knows? Given the new principal's tendencies, it's possible.
She did say she was a proponent of real-world experience. Anyway, let's go tell Shirone."
Nade looked around.
"By the way, where's Shirone? He hasn't even eaten
dinner?"
"He said he was skipping it. We're supposed to meet at the research
group tonight. He mentioned he had something to do at the training ground."
"At this hour?"
"He said it wasn't something he could do when it's quiet. He
figured now was the best time to practice."
"No way… Ataraxia?"
Iruki smiled knowingly.
"It's the perfect time to sneak a peek. Let's go."
@
Shirone was standing alone in the empty training grounds. The reason he
had come here, even skipping dinner, was to train with Ataraxia.
The one-minute preparation time felt unbearably long, even to him. The
magic circle, not limited by space, could be used as a siege weapon, but he wasn't planning on jumping
into a war anytime soon. Triggering mass destruction required the utmost caution.
'I'll get used to it after practicing hundreds or thousands of times.
But realistically, I might only be able to do it once a day most.'
The lack of repetitive training was another hurdle in training with
Ataraxia. However, Shirone did not give up. Hadn't he succeeded when he set his mind to reading history
books in Ogent Family's library? Every endeavor gains momentum, and as long as he kept moving forward,
he'd eventually find himself running.
"Alright! Let's do this."
Shirone cast Halo. A one-meter-wide circle appeared before him, drawing
in countless concepts.
The multi-colored colors rushing in from the front were a surreal
spectacle to behold at any time. After passing a certain stage, a multi-dimensional structure beyond the
realm of understanding emerged, and Ataraxia was born.
Shirone decided on a magic while aiming at the target in front. Since it
was Photon Output rather than Photon Cannon, there was no physical force, so he could use magic to his
heart's content.
"Hey, Shirone...!"
The moment Nade and Iruki entered the training grounds, a massive beam
of light shot out from the Ataraxia magic circle.
The light was so intense that if viewed from above, the entire training
ground would have been illuminated, and even students far away noticed the mountain beyond glowing and
turned their heads in amazement.
Nade and Iruki's eyes widened in shock. The sheer amount of light output
was enough to send shivers down their spines.
It was beyond the scale of what humans could handle. It felt like
witnessing a phenomenon that should only occur in nature, right before their eyes. What could possibly
remain in the wake of that light?
Surprisingly, not even a speck of dust was disturbed. Iruki realized
that the magic Shirone had cast was Photon Output. Cold sweat ran down his back. If it had been Photon
Cannon, the cliff that blocked the training ground would have been obliterated.
'As expected, Shirone is incredible. It has to be at this level for my
finishing move to shine.'
Nade awkwardly moved his legs, as if he had forgotten how to
walk.
"Hey, Shirone. This…."
Before Nade could finish speaking, Shirone collapsed with a thud.
Normally, he would have retained some level of consciousness, but since
this was a once-a-day training session, he had exhausted all his strength.
"Shirone, Shirone! Come to your senses."
Nade lifted Shirone and gently slapped his face. He couldn't help but
imagine the worst, as there have been cases where mages died from overexerting their magic.
Contrary to his worries, Shirone quickly opened his eyes.
"Huh? When did you get here?"
"Are you okay? We've been here since you started using Ataraxia or
whatever it's called."
"Hahaha! You saw that? I was trying to keep it under wraps."
Shirone pushed himself up from the ground with his hands. He wobbled a
bit but wasn't so unsteady that he couldn't stand.
Iruki approached without taking his eyes off the target.
"The magic you used in Heaven was Ataraxia combined with Photon Cannon,
right? I wonder what level of destructive power that would have. After seeing this, I can't exactly ask
you to try it out."
"That's right. I doubt I'd ever use such a powerful force in reality.
But I still want to keep refining it. The problem is that it takes too long to prepare."
"That might not be entirely true. There could be a chance to use it in
real life soon."
"Huh? What are you talking about? A chance?"
Iruki glanced at Nade. Initially, they had come to complain to Shirone,
but now that things had turned out this way, their interest was piqued.
"Starting tomorrow, we'll be training with Heaven's Trial. Principal
said so."
"Heaven's Trial? What is that?"
Iruki said, pointing to the sky.
"It's an artificial trial."
Nade added.
"It's a battle simulation system exclusively for archmages."
@
Ten minutes before the start of the integrated class for the advanced
students, the tension was higher than usual.
The 27th training ground was an open area where the mountain was cut
flat, and the floor was densely finished with small metal blocks.
There were four steel towers erected along the outer perimeter, which
appeared to be seven meters high.
The teachers overseeing the training were Sienna, Thad, and Ethella. The
students were pleased, knowing they would be receiving guidance from all the popular teachers.