Chapter 238:
Battle Simulation (8)
Even after the battle had started, Dante didn't move. Honestly, he
hadn't expected a 6th-tier familiar to be summoned.
"So, what do you think? Before you embarrass yourself, why not
surrender now? If you do, I'll cancel the whole 'kneeling down' thing."
"Impressive. How did you manage to summon Gaos?"
Dante made a slightly exasperated face, causing Boyle's shoulders to
puff up with pride.
"If it were me, I'd be too disgusted to even go near it. You must
have lived with that monster for years, right? Surely, you didn't cross the forbidden line, did you?
Kukukuk."
Boyle's eyes widened in anger.
It is natural for a summoning mage to live with beasts for a long time
due to the nature of their occupation. In fact, some mages wizards even cross the forbidden line to
complete the Empathy Stage.
While this was common knowledge among mages, Dante bringing it up was
undoubtedly a taunt.
"I'm going to make you kneel before me."
Gaos charged with such speed that it was difficult to track with the
naked eye. Even Shirone, who had fought Ulc in Hwajeon Village, had no desire to face Gaos.
'I wonder how Dante deals with this?'
Contrary to his expectations, Dante escaped the scene using what could
be called a classic teleportation technique.
But that wasn't enough to stop Gaos.
The monster twisted its body rapidly and swung its claws right in front
of Dante.
Everyone thought it was over.
But at that moment, Gaos's movements slowed down.
"What?"
Gaos, whose mind was connected to Boyle, looked down at the ground. A
small magic circle was glowing beneath him.
Just by seeing its effect, Shirone could identify the type of magic
circle.
"Slow Magic Circle?"
Dante placed his clenched fist on his head and mocked.
"Is it still far? You call yourself a 6th-tier, but you're pretty
slow."
Enraged, Gaos tensed its muscles, but sheer strength couldn't twist the
flow of time.
Kwaaaaang!
Finally breaking free from the magic circle, Gaos let out a furious cry
and charged at Dante again.
But this time too, it was caught in the Slow Magic Circle that had been
laid down in advance and fell into a miserable state once again.
As Dante watched with a disdainful expression, he yawned and pointed
downward.
"Look at the ground, the ground. Are you stupid?"
"You bastard! How dare you mock me!"
As Boyle shouted, electricity shot out from the hose connected to Gaos'
spine. The lightning, breaking free from the magic circle's range, scorched the spot where Dante had
been standing.
Struck by the spell cast by a 6th-tier familiar, it seemed safe to
assume that it was over.
But the spot was already empty.
Boyle realized the reason too late.
"A decoy magic circle?"
In the spot scorched by lightning, only a small magic circle remained.
It was a trick set up from the moment the first Slow Magic Circle was cast.
'Where the hell did he go?'
As Boyle looked around, Dante suddenly appeared behind him and put an
arm around his shoulders. Startled enough to feel his heart drop, Boyle couldn't even move a
finger.
Dante's face suddenly appeared over Boyle's shoulder.
"Are you playing around? This is the first challenge I've ever accepted
in a while, so do it properly."
"Kuh! Ga- Gaos!"
As Gaos rushed back with fierce momentum, Dante teleported away
again.
Based on the battles so far, Shirone has realized Dante's
specialty.
"I see. Light magic, specifically magic circle combat using information
magic."
Photon Output, which Shirone had learned before the Speed Gun test, was
an applied version of this information-based magic.
Photons transmit information at the fastest speed, making them a perfect
match for magic circles.
Wasn't the core of an angel's power, the Halo, also made of
light?
Moreover, the magic circle that Dante used was an instant magic circle
that could only be used once.
Although the duration is only about 1 minute, the time it takes to build
the magic circle is also short, less than 1 second.
At the moment, dozens of magic circles were floating around
Dante.
Gaos, who had been charging around recklessly, finally stopped in its
tracks, noticing the altered landscape.
Closer, who was watching the battle, raised the corners of his
mouth.
"Reflection Magic Circle. He's caught. Boyle can't escape."
Boyle looked around with a serious face. Magic circles were sparkling
wherever he looked.
There were a total of 48 magic circles, and when examined with the
summoning mage's superhuman senses, they were all identical in size and shape, measuring 57.62
centimeters in diameter.
Dante approached with both hands raised like a conductor.
"Welcome to Dante's playground."
"Shut up!"
Dante shot an Air Strike into the Reflection Magic Circle. Just as Gaos
was closing in on Dante, the Air Strike bounced off seven different magic circles like a cushion and
struck Gaos in the side.
The fact that Dante didn't even think about escaping meant that he had
complete control over time and space.
Dante continued to rain down magics, directing them as if conducting an
orchestra.
The Air Strike moved in a three-dimensional trajectory through the magic
circles, multiplying into two from a Duplication Magic Circle and attacking Gaos.
Kwaaaaah!
No matter how high Gaos's physical abilities were, it was difficult to
deal with consecutive Air Strike amplified by the magic circles.
Boyle was devastated. No matter where he moved Gaos, Air Strike was
hitting it directly. The moment the three consecutive hits landed, the summoning was almost
canceled.
"How can this be? The mighty Gaos, brought down by such weak
attacks?"
The reason he endure Dante's taunts is because the magic circle's
duration is running out.
If he could hold out a little longer, his chance would come. If he
didn't miss that opportunity, victory would still be possible.
"Now!"
As the magic circle disappeared, Gaos charged at full speed.
Although Slow Magic Circle was placed at each section, it was not Boyle
to be fooled by the same trick twice.
But as if mocking Boil's thoughts, Dante placed two Slow Magic Circles
directly on Gaos's shoulder and knee.
As different timing were applied to each part, the balance collapsed and
Gaos's body flipped over.
"You're really stupid. Magic circles are magic too. If you avoid them, I
can just cast them on you."
Boyle gritted his teeth. What kind of a bastard is this, treating a
6th-tier summon like a child?
Gaos looked like it was struggling just to stand.
Even though it was a virtual familiar, its characteristics were
identical to the real thing, meaning that once its stamina was depleted, it couldn't fight, regardless
of the summoner's will.
"Are you okay? Your darling seems to be in pain."
"You son of a bitch!"
Boyle, who was humiliated in front of everyone, caused a commotion and
went on a rampage.
Blue lightning surged from its entire body, transforming it into an
electric form.
This was a self-destructive attack that even the real Gaos wouldn't use
unless it was a matter of life and death.
Kwaaaaaaaaa!
"Giving up already? That's pretty boring."
Dante pointed his finger at Gaos. Ten magic circles lined up on the
ground and then rose up one after another.
It was a technique of information magic known as Rising Target.
'That's an amplification magic circle....'
Boyle quickly calculated the distance. If the Air Strike passed through
all the lined-up magic circles, it would increase in power by nearly tenfold.
But with Gaos's speed, it could pass through at least four of the magic
circles. That would reduce Dante's amplification to sixfold, making it worth a gamble.
'I have the upper hand in power. I'll go strong.'
As Gaos reached the first magic circle, Dante cast Air Strike.
But Air Strike was fired in an odd place, not at Gaos.
The Air Strike bounced off a triangular cushion somewhere ahead and
entered the Rising Target from the farthest point, working its way backward.
'He reversed the distance calculation?'
Since Gaos and magic were rushing in the same direction, the Air Strike
was able to reach all ten magic circles.
Boyle didn't give up hope. Even so, Gaos was fast. The key was to hit
Dante before the Air Strike could hit him.
"I won!"
As Gaos reached the final magic circle, Boyle couldn't help but
shout.
But, as if to shatter any hope, Gaos's movements suddenly slowed
down.
By the time Boyle realized that the final magic circle was a Slow magic
circle, it was already too late.
Although he was a summoning mage with superhuman observation skills, he
was unable to determine which magic circle was the last one when there were ten magic circles
overlapping.
As the Air Strike that had passed through nine magic circles struck Gaos
from behind, it was sent flying diagonally and then vanished.
Boyle could only stand there in despair.
If he forced it, he might be able to summon Gaos again, but he didn't
want to.
Dante had an extraordinary understanding of time and space. His strategy
of using information magic to create favorable conditions and slowly corner his opponent made it
impossible to muster the will to fight.
Dante shrugged.
"Is this really the end? I even went easy on you, and you still
disappointed me?"
"Don't be so cocky. It was a close call. If Gaos had just a bit more
stamina, you would've been the one defeated!"
"Yeah, I guess you'll have to find some comfort in that. But you know
what? If I wanted to, I could've ended it any time."
"Nonsense! You were also fighting with all your might…!"
A magic circle glowed beneath Boyle's feet and his body sank
downwards.
He immediately reappeared through the bottom of a magic circle in the
sky, falling right in front of Dante.
"Aaargh!"
Boyle, who crashed to the ground, arched his back like a bow, unable to
bear the pain.
Dante clicked his tongue and shook his head.
"Don't you know that passive magic can trigger a 'push' judgment?
Magic circles are passive skills too."
"Ugh! You… When on earth did you put a magic circle under me…."
"Well, who knows? Take a guess."
Boyle retraced the battle in his mind. But Dante had been too busy
dodging Gaos and hadn't come near him.
No, it happened just once.
"No way… the reason you put your arm around me…?"
"Correct. You can activate a magic circle with a time delay, a
technique called Time Warp. Summoners typically stay in one place because they're managing two entities,
right? And reversing the orientation of a magic circle, known as Spin, is quite tricky. In any case,
while you were distracted by your 'darling,' I was ready to take you down at any moment. Got it, mama's
boy?"
"You, you bastard…!"
"But now I'm bored. Let's end this."
As soon as Dante finished speaking, another magic circle appeared, and
Boyle was once again sucked downward.
"Aaaahhh!"
Boyle, who was moving a total of seven space-time magic circles in a
complex pattern, couldn't come to his senses.
The reason why he couldn't even resist was because the actual distance
was zero.
It was no different from just standing still.
Dante calculated the timing and fired an Air Strike. The magic bounced
exactly six times before striking Boyle in the back as he fell.
The "Penetration" judgment was triggered, and the two
bracelets lit up.
The Heaven's Trial landscapes in Boyle's field of vision disappeared,
and a floor covered with physics blocks appeared.
The students remained silent, seemingly shocked.
Boyle couldn't understand what had shocked them. He had been bounced
around and hit by a surprise attack from a blind spot.
On the other hand, what the students saw was a kind of stunt.
Boyle and Air Strike crossed paths in the air and collided at exactly
one point, ending the fight.
It wasn't a technique that could be easily replicated, even if one
understood the calculations.
Dante looked around at the students, who were as quiet as mouse, and
asked Sienna.
"Teacher, could you turn on the percentage gauge?"
Since it's a show of power, people are usually reluctant to do it, but
Dante was confident.
Sienna used the master bracelet to display the percentage gauge.
Dante's mental energy hadn't decreased by even 1/50th.
Shirone realized that this was a message from Dante. The reason his
mental energy consumption was so low, despite creating so many magic circles, was that he used basic
magic.
Photon output is a simple magic that anyone can perform, and using it to
construct basic information isn't difficult either.
The calculation was that it would be much more efficient to install five
magic circles that amplify magical power by two times than one that amplifies magical power by ten
times.
But when the magic circles are interconnected, they create an effect
powerful enough to handle a 6th-tier Gaos as if it were a pet.
A tactic of not giving up the initiative throughout the battle and
gradually pressuring the opponent until they are eventually drowned.
This was the combat style of Shining Boy Dante.