Chapter 243:
Magic Clash (3)
"I won't let this slide!"
Savina charged forward without even the energy to cast Haste. After all,
her opponent likely wasn't in a condition to cast Plasma either.
At that moment, shocking words came from Nade's mouth.
"I lost."
Savina, who was about to attack Nade's neck at the sudden declaration of
surrender, hurriedly stopped her charge.
In her heart, she wanted to end it with her own hands, but attacking
after a surrender was declared would result in disqualification.
Now that it had come to this, it didn't even feel like she had won,
leaving her with a strangely unsatisfied feeling. But she reasoned that Nade must have exhausted all his
strength in the final clash.
"Hmph, you're lucky. Kneel and formally admit your
defeat."
Nade kept his promise right away. Since he was already kneeling, all he
had to do was move his lips.
"Yeah. I lost."
Savina's expression twisted in annoyance. The reason for establishing
this rule was to enjoy the sight of the loser wallowing in defeat. However, she didn't sense any bitter
emotion from Nade.
"Are you even a man? How can you just kneel so easily after losing
to a woman?"
"I lost, so I said I lost. And honestly, it's really embarrassing,
you know? Can I stop now?"
Nade hung his head low as if he had truly been defeated and returned to
his friends. It might have felt less irritating if he had at least laughed it off, as if denying the
defeat.
Sade licked his lips as he watched the retreating Nade.
'Let's try a little more. Savina was almost at the bottom too. Still,
good job, Nade.'
The match ended sooner than expected. Every student in Class Four is
bound to have at least one magic that has strong destructive power.
In actual combat, there's not often an opportunity to cast such magics,
but in this match, the elements aligned well, and their skill levels were similar, allowing for a clean
conclusion to the battle of strength.
Nade, who arrived at his friends, closed his eyes tightly and bowed his
head in an uncontrollable feeling of regret.
"Shirone, Iruki! I'm sorry! I lost! Really, I'm sorry!"
"How can you say that? We fight as a team. I can't guarantee I'll win
either. It's okay, you did your best."
Iruki added a word.
"You did well for yourself. You've improved since
before."
Honestly, he didn't expect Nade to go this far. When he fought Lucas of
the Parrot Mercenary, he had given up completely, but recently, he seemed to have gained some
control.
"I'll go back to the dorm and rest first. Is that
okay?"
"Yeah. You must be tired, so go ahead."
Even Shirone couldn't stop him from doing that.
And so Nade left the practice grounds, blending in with the crowd of
students. But the place he headed to was not the dormitory, but a secluded park. Confirming that there
was no one around, he finally let out his true feelings.
"Argh! Damn it! You idiot!"
He wanted to be Shirone's strength. But Savina was really strong, and if
the fight had continued there, the price he would have had to pay would have been beyond
imagination.
He still needed the safety of the academy's boundaries.
"Hohoho! You were here? You were acting so calm, but now you look so
embarrassed you want to die?"
Nade let out a sigh involuntarily. When he turned around, Savina, who
had followed him, was standing there.
"Do you still have business with me? The match is
over."
"No, I think there's still something left. Honestly, I feel
unpleasant. I don't know why, but I get the strong feeling that you haven't fully accepted your
defeat."
"I even knelt. What more do you want me to do?"
"I don't know. How about kneeling again here?"
Nade couldn't afford to accept Savina's stubbornness. He just felt sorry
for Shirone and was ashamed of himself for not being able to help his friend.
"Just figure it out yourself. If you want to spread rumors that you're
stronger than me, I won't say anything, so just leave me alone. I'm leaving."
Savina said as Nade turned to the dorm.
"I looked into it a bit, and it turns out the West Family is quite
infamous, huh?"
Nade's steps suddenly halted.
"Worse beyond comparison. I heard the head of the family is a lazy
gambler, and the lady of the house is a social outcast? They're known for living in luxury despite
having nothing…!"
A thunderous rumble echoed.
Savina, whose windpipe were suddenly blocked, saw the world spinning in
a chaotic manner. When she came to her senses, she found herself slammed against a tree trunk deep in
the forest.
Nade grabbed Savina's neck and leaned his face close.
"Say that again."
"Gasp! Gak!"
Savina's gaze met Nade's, and she was paralyzed with fear. It wasn't a
human expression. He wasn't just an evil person or a psychopathic murderer—he was simply a
monster.
'I'm dying….'
It was a conviction, not an assumption. It would have been better if she
had been caught by a murderer, because there is no fool in the world who would expect mercy when bitten
by a beast.
"You want to live?"
Savina nodded desperately. As her consciousness gradually faded, she
lost control and wet herself without realizing it.
"Should I snap your neck? Or should I drain all your blood?"
Savina had no idea what he was saying. It was as if her head and body
were disconnected, with her legs moving on their own.
"Hngggg! Hngg!"
Nade distorted his face and collected an electric current in his hand.
He was going to evaporate her blood.
Just as the electric energy concentrated in his grip, a face flashed in
his mind. Her voice gently calmed the beast within Nade.
'Nade, one mistake is enough, don't you think so?'
Nade's eyes were bloodshot as if blood tears were pouring out at any
moment. However, human nature gradually returned to his pupils, and he released Savina's neck and slowly
stepped back.
"Keok! Gah!"
Savina collapsed to the ground, gasping for air. She still couldn't
fully grasp what had happened, but her lungs frantically sucked in oxygen.
"You won, I lost. That's all that happened today. Got it?"
Savina nodded. She was ready to nod no matter what word came out of
Nade's mouth.
But Nade seemed satisfied with that and left the forest. Just before
exiting, he stopped. He slowly turned his head to look back at the massive tree.
'Eek! What should I do? Did he notice me?'
Pandora, hiding behind the tree, felt her heart pounding. She had
planned to get revenge on Savina but accidentally witnessed something she shouldn't have.
Nade's voice was heard.
"Pandora, I've already taken care of the revenge, so you should go
back."
Mentioning her name was a warning not to escalate the situation. Though
she couldn't see him behind the tree, Pandora covered her mouth and nodded.
Nade left the park in a miserable mood. In the end, this was how it
always turned out. He wished it would just rain and wash everything away, but the sky, like his mood,
remained gloomy and dull.
"Iruki, I'll never become a mage."
@
The weekend of the second match had arrived.
With the match between Nade and Savina became popular, more people
showed up than last week. In particular, many expected this week's battle to be even more intense, since
if Iruki lost, the third match would be canceled.
Perhaps that's why even the teachers who said they weren't interested in
the kids' fight were sitting around, smiling awkwardly.
While Ethella, who was in charge of the refereeing, checked the items,
Shirone and Dante and their crew waited on the side.
Savina's expression was not good. The trauma of the beating she suffered
in the forest was still not forgotten. No, on the contrary, it was getting worse, and she was having
nightmares every night.
As the time for the game approached, Closer began to warm up. He relaxed
his muscles with a difficult stretch that was not typical of mages, then turned to Dante while running
in place.
"I'll finish this. There's no need for you to step in, you know?"
The rule was that the first team to win two matches would win the
showdown. However, Dante knew that would never happen as long as Olivia was in charge.
"Still, the showdown won't be cancelled."
"What? Why?"
"Because Master wants to trample on Shirone. She's already submitted a
special request to the Teachers' Association. The academy won't want this event canceled either."
"I see. So even if I win, you and Shirone will still fight?"
"But the stages will be different. If we secure two wins, it'll make
Shirone's defeat even more humiliating. That would probably be the best outcome."
"Kukuk. Fine, I'll set the stage perfectly for you."
As Ethella gave the command to come to the center, Iruki and Closer
moved forward. After the explanation of the rules was over, Closer looked down at Iruki as if showing
off his height and said.
"When anti-magic comes in, you get a tingling sensation in your nose.
But when you fight me, it won't be just anti-magic. Have you ever had your nose broken? By a punch, I
mean."
Iruki did not answer.
"It hurts a lot. It hurts so much that tears stream down your face. From
now on, I'm going to crush your nose just like an orc would. Even if you scream for me to stop, I'll
keep beating you. That's okay, right?"
The corners of Closer's mouth went up wickedly.
"Why aren't you saying anything? Scared already? But there's nothing you
can do. The match has started and you're going to get beat up like crazy. In 10 minutes, you'll be
bleeding from your nose and screaming in pain. You'll probably lose a few teeth too. That ugly face of
yours will get even uglier."
Ethella intervened.
"Refrain from unnecessary talk before the match. Both of you, proceed to
your designated positions."
After shaking his big fist at Iruki, Closer returned to his position and
devised a strategy based on the information he had learned before the fight.
Iruki's specialty was the Deviant Type with fast targeting and instant
Heat Point Explosion. Above all, he had a strong Savant ability in Sequencing, so a preemptive strike
was out of the question.
Closer wiggled his fingers as he prepared for the initial response,
standing 60 meters away from Iruki. Since his strength lies in defense rather than offense, there should
be no problem if he follow the standard.
"Begin the match!"
As soon as Ethella's signal dropped, multiple explosions erupted around
Closer. His eyes widened in surprise as he covered his face with both arms. An explosion right at the
start. Deviate Type magic typically shrinks as the distance increases. But the fact that it had traveled
60 meters without diminishing, even though Closer hadn't taken a single step, was a testament to the
highest level of Sequencing.
Shirone gave a bitter smile. He had already sensed it during the Speed
Gun test, but the power of Sequencing using logarithms was incredible.
In fact, Iruki's Speed Gun score was the highest in the history of the
magic academy, except for Shirone, who had unlocked Immortal Function.
The students were stunned by the sight of Closer's massive frame being
engulfed in flames. Even with a 50% sync rate, repeated hits could still be dangerous.
Finally, as the explosions cleared, Closer's figure emerged. The earthen
wall protecting his entire body crumbled, revealing his face, which was still smiling
confidently.
"Kuku, is this it? It tickles like a mosquito bite."
He strengthened his body with the passive skill Earthrise and even cast
Earth Skin, which protected his body with a barrier of earth. Such explosions didn't even register as an
impact.
Closer then closed the distance using teleportation, forcing the fight
into close combat, which was the opposite of Iruki's preferred style.
"Rock and roll!"
As Closer swung his hand as if scooping up earth, the ground rippled,
and the surface began to coil.
A boulder, growing to a diameter of 3 meters, rolled over the spot where
Iruki had been standing.
Iruki escaped with teleportation. However, the moment his feet touched
the ground, the surface crumbled as if a trap had been set.
"Kukukuk! This is the end!"
Using the Earthquake, a signature of Earth Magic, Closer immobilized
Iruki and then linked it with the Eruption magic. An explosion occurred due to the frictional heat
generated by compressing the earth. Nearly 5 tons of soil gushed out from the hole Iruki had fallen
into.
Iruki shielded his face with both arms as he was propelled into the air.
Meanwhile, in his mind, the explosive equation was rapidly unfolding.