Chapter 245:
Magic Clash (5)
"I won't let this slide! I don't care about the match
anymore!"
Closer gave up his magic and charged forward. There was no way he could
lose to Iruki in a physical fight, right? But that very thought was proof that he had lost his
composure.
The moment Closer threw his punch, an explosion equivalent to
10-Kilobusters erupted. His mental gauge plummeted, and his knees hit the ground. If his sync rate
weren't at 50%, it would have been fatal.
Closer looked up at Iruki with a dazed expression. Another straight
punch flew in and struck him on the nose. Now, even the slightest touch hurt.
Tears welled up in Closer's eyes.
"Arghhh!"
"Now, shall we start turning you into an orc?"
As Iruki spoke while caressing his fist, Closer, snapping back to
reality, raised his hands.
"W- Wait! I admit it! I lost…!"
Iruki's strong punch smashed his nose. His heavy upper body tilted
backward, and his head hit the ground.
Iruki frowned and shook his hand. As expected, hitting people wasn't
something just anyone could do easily.
"Ouch, my fist."
When Ethella declared victory, the students erupted in cheers as if they
had been waiting for this moment.
Mark and Maria in particular were thrilled. Seeing the obnoxious Closer
get thoroughly beaten was like having a nagging toothpain finally go away.
'Wow. Senior Shirone has amazing friends too.'
Iruki was undoubtedly an impressive senior, but Mark had never truly
respected him in his heart. He had simply thought of him as another common genius with Savant Syndrome,
benefiting from biological privilege.
But now, his perspective had changed. He couldn't help but acknowledge
the skill that allowed Iruki to toy with Closer, who was renowned throughout the kingdom.
Although Iruki wasn't popular at academy, at this moment, he was
receiving admiring looks from many girls. It seemed there were many like Maria who harbored resentment
toward Closer.
"You're awesome, Senior Iruki! You're the best!"
"That's right! Wow, you're so handsome!"
Iruki shrugged his shoulders and stepped on the unconscious Closer's
cheek with his right foot. Casually, he flashed a victory sign with his fingers.
The cheers abruptly stopped. No matter how disliked Closer was, stepping
on the head of a defeated opponent was too much. That odd personality of his would likely never
change.
Seriel, who had been holding her breath while watching the battle,
swallowed nervously and asked Amy.
"Shirone and his friends… they're moving up next year, right?"
"Yeah, I think that's what they said."
"I see. I really have to graduate this year, no matter what. If they all
move up to the senior year, it'll be a real competition hell."
Seriel was quite skilled and had managed to establish herself among the
graduating class. But her words couldn't be taken as a joke.
In fact, most of the graduating class wasn't smiling.
They were merely sending cautious and wary glances at a potential
competitor who might stand in the way of their graduation.
'Well, I guess I should be careful too. I've felt this way before too...
He really is an amazing kid.'
There was a time when Iruki had approached during the Class Five days.
They had exchanged a few words, but the conversation seemed so outlandish that she hadn't paid much
attention to it.
But thinking back now, those seemingly outlandish words might have been
a reality for Iruki.
Shirone and Nade ran to Iruki with shocked faces. Especially Shirone,
who had to admit that the secret weapon Iruki claimed could defeat him wasn't just empty talk.
Of course, calculating the Returned Glass is extremely difficult, but
once the analysis is complete, it's clear that no mage would want to face Iruki in a duel.
"Iruki, that was amazing. I got chills watching it."
"I know right? You kept it a secret from us. When did you practice
that?"
"Today is the first time I actually used it. During the vacation, I was
caught by my father and just solved equations like crazy. I thought I'd do well in a real battle, and it
turns out it worked out pretty easily."
Any other time, they would have smacked him on the head for bragging,
but today, they couldn't even get mad.
With this, the match was tied, and the goal of sending Shirone to Dante
had been achieved.
While Savina was waking up the unconscious Closer, Dante approached. But
the person he spoke to wasn't Shirone, it was Iruki.
"I enjoyed watching the match. Cancellation. It was impressive."
"If you're impressed already, you're in trouble. It'll be even more
impressive in your match."
Dante snorted. Cancellation was the pinnacle of magic that even
professionals couldn't achieve. In the end, the top of the advanced class wasn't Boyle or Shirone. It
was Iruki.
"I thought it was all over when you left the Royal Magic Academy, but
your talent hasn't died after all. That makes it even more regretful. If only I could have faced you
instead; it would've been a better match."
It was as if Shirone wasn't even on his radar. In truth, he was
considering that a rematch with Iruki might generate more excitement.
"I get what you're saying. But with that kind of complacency, you'll
find it hard to beat Shirone."
"Haha! Me? Against this country bumpkin? You're skilled enough to
know—that will never happen."
"Do you know why I left Bashka? It's because I thought there was no one
there who could challenge me."
Dante's expression twisted. It was a statement that insulted not just
him but the entire Royal Magic Academy.
"I don't know now, but that's what I thought back then. I believed there
was no one who could help me control the dangerous things in my head."
"So? Are you saying there's someone here who can?"
"I met two. One refused, but the other accepted. That's Shirone. I don't
care what impression you have, but if you think this is the best there is, you're in for a terrible
experience in next week's match."
Dante turned his gaze to Shirone. Why did everyone hold this kid in such
high regard?
At first, he thought it was simply because Shirone was an Unlocker. But
if Iruki, who was a genius capable of using Cancellation, spoke so highly of him, it couldn't be just
that low of a standard.
The students who had been listening to their conversation began to
murmur.
It was revealed during last semester's Speed Gun test that Shirone was
the one who could stop Iruki's rampage. But Iruki mentioned that he met two people.
"Who is that, who could the other person be?"
"Could it be Senior Amy? There was a rumor going around before. That
Iruki was aiming for Senior Amy."
Aside from Amy, several other names were mentioned, but no one could be
certain unless Iruki himself revealed it.
In any case, the second match concluded with Iruki's overwhelming
victory.
The hearts of the students returning to their dorms were pounding. Next
week would be the highlight of the big match between Shirone and Dante.
Though they were rooting for Shirone in their hearts, they had to admit
that Dante had the upper hand in terms of sheer power.
A record of 472 wins with no losses. Next week seemed like it would pass
slowly.
@
The day they've been waiting for with bated breath every day has
arrived.
From the early morning, the academy was bustling with activity as they
welcomed new visitors.
The students tidied up their dorms, washed up, and dressed in their best
clothes.
The Teachers' Association's special correspondent, Kilain, entered
Alpheas Magic Academy with the video recorder. When she saw the students already gathered at the
Heaven's Trials training ground, a smile crossed her lips.
'Even at a regional academy, Dante's reputation is incredible. There are
still hours left before the start.'
Kilain pushed past Mark and Maria, who were waiting in line, and entered
the training ground.
"Excuse me. I'm a special correspondent, so I'll be going in
first."
Maria looked at her with a curious expression.
"Wow, so that's Kilain. I've only heard her name in academic
journals, but she's prettier than I expected."
"Hmph, but she's said to be a die-hard Dante follower. She's
basically an enemy to us."
As the time for the match approached, the training ground was opened to
the students. Shirone also waited in line with his friends at the entrance before entering.
Despite being an unofficial match, the stage was lavishly decorated. It
seemed like the rumor that they had called in an event company to decorate it last night was
true.
The sleek physical blocks were spotless, and torches were set up to
create an atmosphere.
A video recorder was installed in a position that gave a full view of
the training ground. Unlike an optical camera that captures moments, this device could record the
passage of time.
According to Nade's explanation, the optical crystal used in the video
recorder was called Obscura B, which was 200 times more expensive than the Obscura A used in optical
cameras.
This mineral, produced in ultra-low temperature darkrooms, couldn't be
synthesized through alchemy, making it extremely valuable.
As such, Obscura B was handled by the state, and special approval was
required from relevant institutions to use it.
"In short, the kingdom decided that Shirone's match was worth
capturing. If you win this match, your name will really be known throughout the kingdom."
While Nade was excited as if it were his own match, Iruki faced reality
coldly.
"The approval was probably given to record Dante, not Shirone.
There aren't many mages who can handle Information Magic as well as Dante. They're likely planning to
use it as a teaching tool at the Royal Magic Academy."
"Tch! It doesn't matter anyway, right? Shirone's going to win. Isn't
that right, Shirone?"
Shirone wanted to smile, but the corners of his mouth wouldn't go up.
Soon, he would be facing Dante. He was determined to do his best, but Dante wasn't an opponent whose
outcome he could be sure of.
On the way, they encountered Canis and Arin. Despite their usual claims
of disinterest, it seemed today's match had piqued their curiosity.
The front row of seats at Heaven's Trials was reserved for teachers and
officials, so Mark and Maria secured spots in the second row. Amy and Seriel had also claimed their
seats early.
As Shirone approached, Mark bowed in greeting.
"Hello, senior!"
"Shirone! Shirone's here!"
Seriel, like an excited puppy, ran over and grabbed Shirone's hand,
leading him to Amy, who studied Shirone's face. He wasn't nervous, but neither was he completely at
ease.
Canis, who had been following Shirone, raised his hand when he saw Amy.
Since returning from Heaven, they had both been busy, so although they had passed each other by, it was
the first time they had seen each other in one place.
"Hey, Pumpkin. Long time no see."
"Where do you get off talking like that to a graduating class
student? Aren't you going to call me 'senior'?"
The two, who had been rivals even in Heaven, were the same at
academy.
"Don't be so uptight. Does that mean Arin have to call you senior
too?"
In reality, Arin was unsure how to greet them.
"Of course, Arin is an exception! I've noticed you keep trying to
get close to Arin, but it won't work on me!"
Shirone stepped in to mediate.
"Now, now. It's better if everyone just gets along. But why do you two
always start fighting the moment you see each other?"
Canis and Amy were shouting at each other.
"He always irritates me first!"
Shirone couldn't help but laugh, momentarily forgetting the tension of
the upcoming match. It all began when Arcane infiltrated the academy, forming a bad relationship that
lingered ever since. The fact that they were still able to maintain their friendship without holding
grudges was remarkable.
Mark and Maria, the juniors, couldn't join in the conversation and
watched from a distance.
Seeing them all gathered in one place made it clear that Shirone's group
was among the top classes in the academy. At least to Mark, those seven seemed like a walking
army.
At that moment, another group that could be considered an army—Dante's
group—approached from the other side.
Mark, who had been glaring at them, suddenly let out a small laugh. They
were quite different from the imposing force they had been when they first transferred.
Savina looked listless and Closer had a bandage plastered all over his
face.
'Kekekeke. Serves you right, you idiots. I told you not to mess with
Shirone's group.'
Dante's gaze was first drawn to Amy. It wasn't intentional, but she was
so beautiful that he couldn't help but notice her. Though she didn't literally shine, she stood out more
vividly than anyone else.
The Red-Eyed Carmis Family. Before joining the graduating class, she had
overwhelmingly defeated Boyle and Pandora to take the top spot. If anyone were to be crowned queen here,
no one seemed more fitting than her.
"Hello. I've heard of the Carmis Family's reputation. I'm Airhein
Dante."
"Yes. I hope you work hard and achieve good results."