Chapter 248:
System Operation (1)
As the sound of the wind faded, a profound silence settled over the
area.
The students were speechless. Dante, who was considered the greatest
talent in the kingdom, was brought to his knees by Shirone's stormy offensive that occurred in just 5
minutes.
"What just happened? Is it real? Did Dante really...?"
One student suddenly stood up and shouted.
"Shirone has defeated him! He took down Dante!"
Then, as if on cue, the Heaven's Trials training grounds erupted with
cheers.
"That was so one-sided? Was Dante even a match from the
beginning?"
"Even Dante can't do anything if he gets caught by Shirone. I knew from
the beginning that Shirone would win!"
The students all chimed in, each trying to get a word in. Dante's
defense was considered the best among all the students in the kingdom's magic academies. The fact that
he couldn't even properly counter Shirone's onslaught and was defeated had everyone excited.
If the defensive wall had been breached once, what was stopping it from
being breached again?
Though the match wasn't over yet, based on what had transpired so far,
it seemed that the victory had already tilted in Shirone's favor.
As the emotions of countless people surged over, hot speculations rose
to the sky. The only ones maintaining a cool head were Alpheas and Olivia, the hidden key figures of
this match.
It was an unexpected development even for the two. Olivia had not
expected Dante to kneel so easily, and Alpheas was surprised by the intensity of Shirone's
offensive.
But this is the world of magic. No, even if it isn't magic, all
competition in the world is bound to be relative.
"A mage…."
Alpheas began, carefully choosing his words as if he were defining
something important.
"An inhuman human being."
"…."
Olivia was tight-lipped. There was nothing to discuss after Dante had
taken such a blow.
"Most humans can't even enter the Spirit Zone. It's safe to say that
once you enter a magic academy, you've surpassed the level of a normal person."
Olivia's eyes narrowed sharply. Reversing Alpheas's words, it could be
interpreted that even Dante, despite his greatness, was merely a student at a magic academy.
"So what? Dante hasn't lost yet."
Alpheas continued, ignoring her interjection.
"But... when you gather kids who have transcended human limits,
something very interesting happens. Among them, someone rises to surpass the rest. They compete at an
even higher level, and once again, someone stands out."
Contrary to Olivia's expectations, Alpheas was not speaking to denigrate
Dante. He was reflecting on his own life through the battle between these two students who had
transcended ordinary limits.
"After climbing so high, there is no more room to climb. Isn't that the
very realm of a first-rank archmage?"
Alpheas glanced at Olivia with a hint of a smile. She sat there, lost in
thought with a pensive expression. It was a surprisingly cute look for someone of her age.
Olivia finally opened her mouth.
"…Are you ignoring me just because I'm 2nd-rank?"
Alpheas didn't answer, instead turning his gaze toward Heaven's
Trials.
How could one ignore a 2nd-rank archmage?
But when you think about it... among those who have risen to such
heights, there's not a single one who is satisfied with their position.
Once you reach the level of archmage, anyone would naturally strive for
the 1st-rank.
It's just that they haven't reached it.
Students, professionals, and even 2nd-rank archmages cannot avoid
competition.
In the world of magic, you must fight a lifelong, lonely battle to
advance just one more step from the pool you're in.
Alpheas had once dreamed of becoming a 1st-rank archmage.
The future is unknown, but there was a time when everyone expected
themselves to inevitably reach that goal.
However, after losing his wife, Erina, and wandering for 10 years, his
sharpness had dulled.
If he had started over from that time, would he have been able to become
a first-rank mage?
Alpheas could say with certainty that it was impossible.
That's not what a first-rank is. It's not a position where you can aim
for after wasting 10 years and beating out countless geniuses.
What about Olivia then?
She was a smart woman who hadn't lived recklessly like he had. Instead,
after failing in love, she had sharpened her magic even more ruthlessly with a single-minded focus on
revenge.
Alpheas wanted to know. Just how close had Olivia been to witness the
splendid glory of that place?
"You didn't avoid putting in the effort, did you?"
Alpheas' questions were incoherent, but Olivia quickly understood. She
was, after all, a mage.
Olivia blinked her long eyelashes and calmly fell into thought. Then she
pouted slightly and spoke.
"1st-rank. That's not a level you can reach just by trying your best.
No, I'm not sure. Maybe there are people in the world who tried even harder than I did. But in my
opinion, it's a realm of absolute talent."
Olivia thought back over the years to see how credible her answer was.
Then she recalled something she had overlooked and slowly added more.
"Or... perhaps it's the realm of madness."
Alpheas' eyes were half-closed. Deep wrinkles formed around them, and
the light in his pupils seemed to be drawn into an abyss.
"You mean Gaold."
Micaea Gaold, a graduate of Alpheas Magic Academy and chairman of
Thormia Magic Association.
During his school days, no one would have thought that he would become a
1st-rank archmage.
They thought he would become a good person.
He was truly a kind child. He was a devout believer and said his dream
was to spread love to the world.
He is now the greatest archmage in the kingdom and stands at the
pinnacle of the Red Line.
For a mage, it was the ultimate glory, but for Gaold himself, it might
have been a nightmare.
Olivia recalled a vague memory.
There was a day when the eyes of the world's powerful mage were focused
on Alpheas Magic Academy.
It was an event that transcended the weight of human history, and Olivia
was one of the people present at the event.
"It's a shame about Miro."
Alpheas remained silent. The thought of his two disciples, Adrias Miro
and Micaea Gaold, still caused him pain.
Olivia, suddenly reminded of something, asked a question.
"I think it was called Supernatural Psychic Science Research
Group?"
Alpheas nodded with a bitter expression. Every event that shook the
world had started from there.
"Both Miro and Gaold were early members. They were like troublemakers.
They were a real headache back then. Often committed ridiculous incidents. But it's because of them that
this world exists today."
"Is it still there? I mean, the research group."
Alpheas raised the corners of his mouth. Thinking back now, it was
indeed a strange twist of fate.
"Shirone, Iruki, and Nade. The main characters of this match and the
troublemakers of the world are guarding them. They are Miro's direct juniors."
Olivia's eyes lit up as she looked at Shirone.
Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group may seem like an odd fit for
an academy of magic that pursues intellect, but the more you think about it, the more you are struck by
the magnitude of its true meaning.
If Miro had been at the center of the association back then, now Shirone
stood in that position. It may be a coincidence, but there must be an unknown string that cannot be
analyzed as cause and effect that led him, the only Unlocker in the acadcemy, to decide on Miro's study
group.
The cheers of the students grated on Dante's nerves. He wanted to stand
up immediately and thrash Shirone, but he needed at least two more seconds to recover from the shock of
the anti-magic.
'I'm going crazy. I still can't get up.'
Shirone's attack was a wonder that could not be described as just
violent. If he had been even slightly late in casting his defensive magic circle, the battle might have
already been over.
'But I persevered. That's all I need to consider.'
For a defensive-minded mage, danger is familiar. For him, who can only
win by receiving opponent's attacks, a single down is not as serious a deal as it is for other types of
mages.
However, the sense of humiliation etched into his heart was
considerable.
Even if it wasn't serious, this was the first time he'd ever been downed
so quickly while fighting someone.
'Two seconds. One second. Done.'
Dante finally shook off the shock and slowly stood up. It was hard to
believe, but upon reflection, it might have been an inevitable result.
He didn't let his guard down. But more frightening than that was the
tension that robbed him of his quick judgment.
Fear always peaks before the confrontation. Now that he had felt
Shirone's power firsthand, there was no way he would go down so easily again.
"I'll give you a compliment. There are only a handful of people in the
entire kingdom who have pushed me this far. I'll put you in the top 20."
Shirone didn't say anything. Dante's arrogant attitude of ranking
students didn't even register in his mind.
It was a full-out offensive with Immortal Function open. He had
genuinely believed the battle was over. But Dante hadn't fallen. That fact alone filled Shirone with
frustration.
As Dante steadied his Spirit Zone, he spoke again.
"But things will be different from now on. You better be
prepared…"
"Dante."
Shirone cut off the conversation as if there was no need to listen any
further.
He needed to raise his power even more. He needed a force so
overwhelming that Dante wouldn't be able to stand up again.
"This is the last time I'm giving you a warning."
As Shirone suddenly transformed into a flash of light and charged at
him, Dante felt his heart drop and hastily cast a teleportation spell.
Narrowly avoiding Shirone's biting attack, he let out a sigh of relief.
Judging by the distance, if he had been even slightly slower, they would have collided.
Did Shirone want mutual destruction? No, it was clear he had anticipated
this reaction.
The initiative in the battle still belonged to Shirone.
'But this is where I turn the tide.'
As Dante, who had been retreating, changed direction, Shirone's flash
also changed angle sharply and pursued him.
Within a radius of 10 meters, which is the distance of one
teleportation, two streaks of light adorned the sky with astonishing speed.
The students' eyes widened in disbelief. It had only been a year since
Shirone had passed his promotion test by crossing the Uncrossable Bridge with teleportation.
Of course, even back then, Shirone had already passed Dragon's Maze,
which was a level 10 difficulty level, but the techniques he was showing off now were all advanced
techniques used by professionals.
Dante was also using techniques of the same caliber, but he had been
steadily training at the Royal Magic Academy since childhood.
In short, Shirone's growth rate was extraordinarily fast. It almost
seemed as if time flowed differently for him.
"When on earth did he reach such a level…?"
The moment Mark muttered, Shirone and Dante simultaneously rushed
towards each other.
The students' hearts stopped at the same point.
Perhaps Shirone and Dante had no idea that the other would choose to
charge, but neither of them thought to dodge.
It was a game of chicken, where if one didn't yield, both could lose
their lives.
The two streaks of light converged on the horizon. Just as the students
thought it was the end and squeezed their eyes shut, the two veered off in different directions at the
exact same moment.
Mark couldn't tell who had dodged first. Even in a game of chicken, the
two were evenly matched.
"Are their magical senses on par with each other?"
Iruki was purely impressed. Despite having been knocked down once,
Dante's movements were nothing short of spectacular, living up to his reputation as the kingdom's
best.
Shirone and Dante were chasing each other's illusions.
Their eyelids seemed frozen, fixed in place, while their pupils absorbed
every detail in their field of vision.
Even while demonstrating concentration that surpassed human limits,
Shirone was in awe of Dante's defensive prowess.
'His defensive sense is really amazing. I can't find any way to break
through.'
Dante's movements, filled with determination to defense, were a work of
art. Every time Shirone advanced 10 meters, Dante would retreat 10 meters. Even when Shirone varied his
approach to 9.8 meters, Dante maintained the exact same distance, slipping away flawlessly.