Chapter 249:
System Operation (2)
However, Shirone did not stop teleporting.
No matter how precise the defense, it couldn't overcome the mechanism of
action-response.
'Now!'
As Shirone leaned his body into the photonized state, Dante turned into
light and retreated.
It was an almost superhuman reflex, but this time, it became his
downfall. Shirone abandoned his fake motion and withdrew.
'Damn!'
By the time Dante realized Shirone's strategy, the teleportation had
already been activated, increasing the distance between them.
As the distance suddenly widened to 20 meters in an instant, Shirone
immediately fired Photon Cannon.
With the approaching photon net taking over all available space, even
Dante's movements became futile. He chose the only escape route left—the ground—and upon landing, he
immediately deployed a defensive magic circle above his head.
Shirone gritted his teeth and cast magic repeatedly.
Immortal Function expands the mage's mind infinitely, but the reality is
not so accommodating. If the infinite lock is completely undone, the mage's sense of self will
disintegrate.
That is why an Unlocker draws infinite power through a hole called the
Spirit Zone. Spirit Zone acts as a barrier that supports the boundary between reality and infinity.
(그렇기에 언로커는 스피릿 존이라는 구멍을 통해서 무한의 힘을 끌어다 쓴다. 스피릿 존이 현실과 무한의 경계를 지탱하는 장벽이 되어주는 셈이다.)
Ultimately, it could be called endless mental strength, but if one's
Spirit Zone's durability is not enough to withstand the infinite weight, it also carries the risk of
being swept away in an instant.
However, Shirone did not waver even though he was consuming more mental
strength than his limit. This was thanks to him having reached the state of Indestructible Diamond, a
state that had surpassed the realm of endurance.
'More! More! More!'
With immense mental strength, Photon Cannon relentlessly poured down
onto the ground.
"Ugh!"
Dante, with ten defensive magic circles spread above his head like a
roof, struggled to hold on with all his might. Despite his efforts, he found it hard to believe. Any
human would naturally see their power weaken with continuous magic casting, but Shirone's onslaught was
not diminishing; it was growing stronger.
'Damn it! What kind of attack power is this?'
Even against the kingdom's best hard punchers, he had never felt so
overwhelmed.
Dante suddenly realized. Immortal Function. The mental realm, which he
had dismissed as mere spiritual play by monks, was now crushing him mercilessly.
The bombardment continued for a full two minutes.
Dante couldn't move from where he was standing. Even his evasion
ability, which was his specialty, was no match for the hailstorm of attacks.
The students glanced anxiously at their bracelets, which were heating up
from the intensity of the battle. The fact that the bracelet, which controls information exchange within
the arena, was getting hot enough to feel on their skin was proof that the amount of information being
exchanged between Shirone and Dante was skyrocketing.
"This isn't going to explode, is it?"
Amy said in response to Mark's terrified question.
"Don't worry. There were no problems even in the graduating class. Even
if the system overheats, there are safety measures in place for the worst-case scenario."
Mark let out a sigh of relief.
"I, I see."
Amy added one more.
"Of course, it's not common for it to get this hot, though."
Shirone was beginning to feel frustrated. It had already been over three
minutes, yet Dante's defense had not been breached. However, Dante's fierce resistance only fueled
Shirone's determination even more.
'Then…!'
Shirone ceased the rapid fire of Photon Cannons and instead cast Laser.
A single red beam of light descended onto Dante's magic circle.
When the impact seemed weaker than expected, Dante laughed as if it were
nothing and started to repair the magic circle.
About ten magic circles instantly returned to their perfect
state.
But moments later, Dante's expression twisted subtly as he sensed an
energy even more powerful than Photon Cannon.
"What, what is this…!"
The moment Dante let out a word of astonishment, Shirone amplified his
Laser with all his might.
The beam's thickness began to increase rapidly.
Finally, as the power drawn from the infinite realm was fully unleashed,
a massive red beam engulfed the spot where Dante stood.
The students swallowed hard as they saw Dante's shadow burning in the
intense light.
As the laser's thickness decreased and finally disappeared, Dante was
revealed, standing motionless with his arms covering his face. The defensive magic circle that had
withstood Photon Cannons was nowhere to be seen.
Shirone landed opposite Dante. Slowly lowering his arms, Dante glared at
Shirone, grinding his teeth in frustration.
"Shit…."
Dante's knees buckled and he hit the ground with a thud.
He had tried to somehow hold on, but the destructive power of Photon
Cannon was overwhelming. The impact of the anti-magic on his brain was unlike anything he had ever
experienced in Heaven's Trial.
"This can't be happening… Dante's down on his knees again."
While the first knockdown could have been attributed to Shirone's
surprise attack, this time, the knockdown was clearly due to a difference in skill.
That's why the current outcome was shocking to the students.
Even the faculty began to murmur among themselves. Who would have
thought that Shirone, who had only been learning magic for a year, would be able to knock down the
kingdom's greatest student, Dante, not once, but twice?
Ethella commented.
"He has a sharp personality, but his magic is surprisingly heavy. His
lack of finesse is a disadvantage, but his destructive power far outweighs that."
You can tell a mage's disposition by looking at the magic they use. This
is especially true for Unlockers, who mostly use their magic through their own unique powers.
At Ethella's praise, Thad clicked his tongue.
Although Shirone, the one who monopolized the love of all the female
students, wasn't someone Thad was particularly close to, but he acknowledged his abilities.
"Well, he's serious about everything."
The students' enthusiasm grew even hotter with Dante's downfall.
Everyone began chanting Shirone's name, and the echo of their cheers
further heightened the atmosphere.
Nade said, blinking.
"Shirone's magic… was it originally that intense?"
Iruki had the same thought.
"It could be that he's more confident now, or maybe he's also aiming for
a psychological effect. It's a change from last semester. It seems like something's shifted within
him."
Amy, who had been resting her chin on her hand, gave a sly smile and
raised the corners of her mouth.
"Well… We did go through some rough times."
Shirone had fought a fierce battle against the Parrot Mercenaries on
Galliant Island and faced countless formidable enemies beyond human comprehension in Heaven.
If he had remained the same as last semester, that would have been the
real surprise.
"Oh my gosh…. Dante… How could this happen…."
Reporter Killain was shocked by the current result. Regardless of his
unbeaten record, he had never met a student who unilaterally knelt on Dante in a matchup so far.
'Shirone? How is it that a student like him has never been featured in
any magazine before?'
According to her research, Shirone had only been attending the magic
academy for a year. If that were true, there wouldn't have been enough time for him to stand out, let
alone for her to cover him in an article.
When she first heard the story, Killain didn't believe it. No, even if
it were true, she had assumed he was just an overhyped student from some mediocre provincial
academy.
But now, here he was, completely dominating Dante. He was a true rookie,
appearing like a comet out of nowhere.
Dante slowly got to his feet. Unlike after the first knockdown, his face
showed no emotion this time.
"A second knockdown. This is a first for me too."
Dante spat out the words and shook his head. There was no point in
counting anymore.
Because Shirone himself was unprecedented.
Typically, offensive-focused mages were the type Dante found easiest to
handle and were his favorite to go up against. However, it was counterproductive against an opponent
with such incredibly overwhelming power.
A bitter smile crept onto Dante's lips. He never imagined he'd have to
use this magic circle before even entering the graduation class.
Not only was it never used in official matches, but it was only used
twice, even including his unofficial ones.
Closer and Savina were the only ones who knew that the two times were an
active 9th-rank mage and 70 B-grade bandits.
"I'm sorry. It seems I underestimated you."
At that moment, a massive magic circle emitting a red light began to
form around Dante. The clarity of the circle far surpassed that of an instant magic circle, and its size
was more than ten times greater.
Sienna noticed that Dante's mental strength gauge had suddenly been
reduced by more than half.
The vast mental strength that had shown no sign of diminishing during
the battle was now being used up by this magic circle, leaving her uncertain about what kind of magic it
could be.
"Central Computational Magic Circle: Pascal."
As Dante murmured these words, the giant magic circle flared red, and
over a hundred magic circles appeared simultaneously.
Shirone was stunned as he watched the magic circles each prepare
different magics. It felt as if he were facing a hundred mages at once.
"Immortal Function. I thought it was ridiculous, but it's definitely
amazing. I suppose it's the insight of an Unlocker."
Shirone had no time to respond. He didn't know what kind of magic this
was, but it was on a completely different level than instant magic circles. If he didn't analyze it
quickly, he would lose his advantage.
"This time, I'll show you what I have."
As soon as Dante reached out his hand, all kinds of magic poured out
from over hundred magic circles.
Wind Cutter, Fireball, Lightning Bolt, Ice Spear, and even non-physical
Photon Output.
Shirone was dumbfounded by the sight before his eyes.
What was most shocking was that more than 10 types of magic were being
cast simultaneously.
Even Iruki, a Savant, could only cast two types of magic with a Double
Spirit Zone, so it was natural that it felt almost like a dream.
Nade said, biting his thumbnail.
"It's probably... a parallel circuit."
Mark turned his head with a surprised expression.
"What? Parallel circuit? Those magic circles?"
"Magic requires a high level of concentration. To cast a single
magic, you can't afford to think about anything else. But each of Dante's magic circles seems to operate
as an independent circuit."
"Is that even possible? Unless you have multiple brains, you can
only create one magic circle with one omniscience. Even with passive spells, it's standard to create
them in sequential order."
Nade pointed to Dante's Pascal.
"That's it. Dante has essentially created another brain. That magic
circle in the center, that magic circle is clearly converging Dante's mental strength and distributing
it in parallel."
Nade's guess was spot on. Pascal was a magic circle that stored the
electricity flowing in the mage's head into memory and then processed it through parallel
operations.
When Dante activates Pascal, he is anything but defensive. Instead, he
overwhelms his opponent with extreme firepower.
As if to prove that fact, all the basic magic that could be learned in
the academy was popping out.
Shirone didn't stop his offensive. Creating virtual memory to
parallelize sequential thoughts was indeed an astonishing feat.
However, strictly speaking, there is no inherent superiority between
sequential and parallel circuits. In a parallel circuit, individual power tends to be weaker.
The fact that all the magics cast from Dante's magic circles were basic
spells was evidence of this.
'There's no time. I have to finish this now.'
There was not much time left to maintain the infinite realm. This was
his only chance to overpower Dante with sheer force.
Shirone fired Photon Cannon with all his might. But as it passed through
a certain area, its speed suddenly began to slow down.
The photon, which had been moving at nearly the speed of light, slowed
to the point where it could be compared to a snail. Shirone looked ahead and realized what was
happening.
The hundreds of magic circles Dante had deployed were forming small
clusters, exerting influence over specific spaces.
When these clustered magic circles were connected with an imaginary
plane, they formed a cube, like a die, and were activating specific magics within that space.
Nade shouted with a bewildered expression.
"A three-dimensional mansion? A student can actually pull that
off?"
Dante had assembled two-dimensional flat magic circles into a
three-dimensional structure.
Shirone's Photon Cannon had slowed down because it entered a mansion
formed by six Slow Magic circles, each spaced five meters apart.
When it comes to how many circuits can be integrated into a limited
space, the three-dimensional mansion can demonstrate incredible efficiency that surpasses the
limitations of a flat plane.