Chapter 250:
System Operation (3)
Shirone finally halted his offensive. While the parallel circuits alone
may have reduced power, when combined to form a mansion, they could produce an amplification power that
was incomparable to even a series configuration.
In addition, due to the nature of the three-dimensional circuit, the
distribution pattern appears differently depending on the observation point. Therefore, it was
impossible to determine what the six magic circles that make up a specific mansion were.
It's similar to how drawing a square on a blank sheet with dots quickly
becomes apparent, but trying to visualize it in three dimensions makes it impossible to distinguish
anything.
"What do you think, Shirone? Can you avoid this too?"
As soon as Dante finished speaking, six air-type magic circles moved,
trapping Shirone within a Pressure Mansion.
"Ugh!"
The moment Shirone felt the pressure on his spine, a bluish bolt of
lightning began charging in the center of the Electric Mansion floating above Dante's head.
As the powerful electric beam was fired, the air where the electricity
passed was completely burned, along with sharp crackling noise of electric charges colliding.
No matter where Shirone tried to evade, the attack followed. This was
because Photon Output from Photon Mansion was tracking Shirone's coordinates in real-time.
"Ah..."
Shirone felt his mind go blank. It didn't feel like he was fighting a
person. It was like battling a heavily armed warship equipped with numerous weapons.
Shirone rolled on the ground to dodge the Ice Spear plunging vertically
towards him. As the world spun around him, he heard a sizzling sound near the ground. As he cast
photonization and flipped his body, an Atomic Bomb exploded almost simultaneously.
The students were dumbfounded by Dante's overwhelming firepower.
"My God... What kind of magic is that?"
Mark also found it unbelievable. Even if Pascal could process in
parallel, the entire system was still controlled by the human brain. Managing hundreds of magic circles
was beyond human capability.
Iruki looked back at Nade. Judging by his more serious expression than
ever before, he seemed to have already realized something.
"Nade, say something. Honestly, I don't understand."
"That's... called Automaton."
"Automaton?"
"An automated mechanical device. It involves meshing several gears
together, then moving the first gear. Then, the last gear will output a fixed value. It's a simple
mechanism, but when this process scales to astronomical units, even very complex tasks become possible.
Like how Photon Output tracks Shirone's coordinates or how the mansions are rapidly
switched."
Shirone was experiencing the power of the Automaton firsthand. No matter
how he responded, the Automaton automatically calculated and countered his moves, making it an
impregnable fortress.
Even though they were basic magics, the power they wielded, enhanced by
the mansion, was anything but basic. Dodging the bombardment as he rolled across the ground, Shirone
hastily searched for Dante but couldn't see him, buried among hundreds of magic circles.
The magic circles floating all around felt like the gazes of a monstrous
creature with hundreds of eyes.
"Ugh!"
Shirone felt an eerie sensation and frantically fired Photon Cannon.
Automaton responded immediately. As Lightning Cannon charged in Bolt Mansion fired, the blinding
electricity etched a straight flash in the air, bursting Photon Cannons like balloons.
As Lightning Cannon grazed Shirone's side, that alone triggered
anti-magic. While Shirone staggered, Automaton unleashed all the magic it had at its disposal. Countless
magic magics scorched the entire radius.
Having exhausted all its available energy, Pascal emitted a strange
noise before coming to a halt. As the smoke cleared, Shirone was revealed, clutching one shoulder. A
moment later, his knees buckled, and he finally collapsed onto the ground.
"This time, Shirone has fallen."
It wasn't just a matter of being knocked down once. The fact that
anti-magic hit directly meant that Shirone's endurance had been breached, which signaled the end of his
Immortal Function.
"Incredible."
Even Alpheas couldn't help but be impressed this time. The Pascal
parallel magic circles and the three-dimensional mansion that strengthened its power. Dante's system,
which even had automated functions of Automaton, was comparable to a work of art that had reached the
pinnacle of functional art.
To think that Dante would incorporate Automaton into information magic.
It was a challenge that no professional mage could easily accomplish. No, even if Dante had the best
talent, it was impossible for a student to accomplish.
Unless, of course, one specific assumption was true.
"Is he using binary?"
Olivia was silent. But that was enough for Alpheas to realize. It was
clear now—Dante was indeed using binary. A single race that used a magic system composed of ones and
zeroes came to mind.
"Since when… did Dante learn the language of dragons?"
A smile formed on Olivia's lips. If Alpheas was already certain, there
was no longer a need to hide it.
"So what? Dragon speech magic uses a binary system, but it's not
exclusively the domain of dragons."
"Humans can understand binary. But wielding binary as a language is a
completely different matter."
Alpheas suddenly realized.
"Could it be… he was born with it?"
"I didn't believe it at first either. But it's true. Just like Shirone's
insight or Iruki's Savant Syndrome, Dante was born with the ability to process information."
Olivia recalled the first time she met Dante ten years ago.
At that time, she was serving as the principal of the Royal Magic
Academy when an invitation to a tea party arrived from the social gathering of Bashka.
The host was Bianca, the matron of Airhein Family. There were six people
in total, and all of them, except Olivia, were married women.
The noblewomen savored tea imported from across the sea and engaged in
lively conversation.
Olivia participated in discussions only on topics of interest to her,
but the conversation of married women inevitably shifted to their children.
Bianca said with a sigh.
"It's really troubling. Our youngest son recently took a leave of
absence from the academy and came back home."
"Oh my, but isn't Dante known as an exemplary student? Did something
happen at the academy?"
Bianca shook her head with a dark face.
"I don't know. He hasn't been talking to me lately. He came to me with
bruises on his face, saying he got into a fight with his friends at the academy. From what I could
gather, it seemed like several kids had ganged up on him."
The faces of the noblewomen flushed with anger. The thought of their own
children going through something like that made their blood boil and their hands tremble.
"No, you just let that happen? You should have gone straight to the
academy and reported it!"
"I went to his academy to do the same thing. They told me that Dante
hadn't said a single word to his friends. No matter how much they tried to talk to him, he wouldn't even
look at them. His homeroom teacher even thought he might have developed mutism."
"Oh my…. Could there be some reason?"
"No matter how much I asked, he wouldn't tell me anything. I went
there to confront them, but I ended up feeling like the sky was falling, so I just took Dante home with
me."
Olivia paused mid-sip of her tea. As someone without children, she
wasn't expected to participate in the conversation, but a possibility occurred to her.
Bianca continued, resting her chin on her hand.
"Haah, so I ended up dropping him out of the academy and taking him
home. But what's worrying is that he sits in the garden all day, just staring at the ground. When I
asked him why, he wouldn't give me an answer. I'm just left watching him."
The woman sitting next to her took Bianca's hand and spoke.
"Try not to worry too much. Dante is ten years old now, right? It's
an age where he starts thinking a lot more. They say noble children go through adolescence much earlier
than commoners."
"I hope that's all it is, but…."
Bianca had no way to appease her upset heart.
Dante had been a bright child from a young age, carrying all the
expectations of the family. Who would have thought that such a precious child would cause trouble like
this?
The noblewoman offered words of comfort to Bianca. While not all of them
were entirely sincere, as mothers, they could fully understand her distress.
Olivia muttered, putting down her teacup.
"Overflow…."
Bianca turned to Olivia.
"Huh? What did you just say?"
Olivia quickly collected herself. As a teacher, she knew how dangerous
it was to make judgments about someone's child in front of their parents.
But it was difficult to keep quiet in a situation where everyone's
attention was focused on her. It was even more so in front of noble ladies who couldn't stand not
hearing things they were curious about.
Olivia said it with a nuance that it was no big deal.
"Oh, I just thought it might be Overflow."
"Overflow? What's that?"
"Well, it's not a common occurrence, but it is a phenomenon when a
child awakens to something at a young age. No, it's more of a psychological factor than a phenomenon. It
happens when their existing understanding of the world collapses, and they start seeing the world
differently. They usually experience intense fear as a result."
"Are you saying my son is ill?"
A cold sweat ran down Olivia's spine. A wrong answer here could not only
ruin her reputation in high society but also leave her embroiled in gossip for a long time.
"No. It's not a disease. It's something that often appears in geniuses.
There are quite a few children like that at the magic academy."
Olivia reluctantly used the one word that could captivate any
parent.
As expected, Bianca exchanged glances with the other noblewomen, as if
to confirm what she had just heard.
What could be more thrilling for a parent than hearing that their child
is a genius?
Thanks to this, Olivia managed to avoid humiliation, but she had to pay
a hefty price.
Bianca, brushing aside the other noblewomen, turned to Olivia as if in a
private audience and bombarded her with questions.
Whether Dante was really a genius, if he was a genius, in what field,
how should he be educated, etc.
Olivia gave various answers, but nothing was certain.
If it were something easy to determine, the geniuses who suffered from
Overflow wouldn't have ended up living such unfortunate lives in their later years.
"Really, is our Dante really a genius? Hmm… It does seem possible. He's
had an extraordinary side to him since he was young. Of course, genius kids tend to be ostracized by
their peers. That must be why Dante didn't socialize with his friends."
Olivia wanted to go home. She couldn't bring herself to tell Bianca that
it was just a possibility.
Before she could find an excuse to leave, Bianca beat her to it.
"Would it be possible… for you to meet with Dante?"
"Pardon? Right now?"
This time, even Olivia openly expressed her reluctance. She had no
desire to play the role of a teacher during a social gathering.
And what if, after the meeting, it turned out Dante wasn't anything
special? How would she handle the consequences?
Bianca, known as the fox of the social scene, surely understood Olivia's
hesitation.
She stood up as if she had made up her mind and pleaded again.
Since the other noblewoman were present, she was showing the utmost
courtesy.
"Please. Miss Olivia is the principal of the Royal Magic Academy. I'm
sure you'll be able to uncover Dante's hidden talents. He's in the garden of the annex right
now."
With the situation as it was, Olivia had no choice but to agree. She
sighed and got up, but not before making sure to protect herself just in case.
"Understood. I'll speak with him, but don't jump to conclusions. If it
truly is Overflow, it's something that will require a lot of time and careful guidance."
"Yes, yes, please take good care of him."
Olivia then made her way to the annex to meet the student she had never
seen before.
As expected from a family ranked 20th in the Thormia financial world,
the annex was as big as any other noble's mansion.
An expansive lawn filled with the scent of spring was laid out like a
playground, and beyond that was a deep forest.
Dante was sitting at the entrance to the forest. Olivia observed the boy
from a distance and sighed once again.
Perhaps, as the noblewoman had suggested, he was simply entering puberty
early. However, Olivia was convinced it was Overflow. It was an instinct honed from 20 years of teaching
experience.