Chapter 255:
Another Sky (5)
If they had Ataraxia, the reputation of the Alpheus Magic School would
rise in an instant. Furthermore, if they borrowed Olivia's power, it would be possible to destroy the
stronghold of the Royal Magic School.
Alpheus, who had thought that far, spoke softly.
"Thad."
Thad approached and bowed his head.
"Yes, Master."
"Collect the two thousand black boxes right now. Don't give them to
anyone. And destroy them in front of Shirone. Make sure Shirone confirms that they've been
destroyed."
"All right."
Thad answered without a word and nodded.
His bracelet also had its crystal orb broken.
Since this was something that had never happened before in managing the
two thousand times, I had a feeling that the situation could become more serious than expected.
Of course, as the incident grew bigger, the school's name would become
known, but if it was Alpheus's instructions, there was no need to think about personal things.
Olivia's fierce gaze turned to one of puzzlement.
I've known for a long time that you have an uncompromising personality,
but I didn't know you would make such a rigid decision.
"Are you okay? The black box contains all the information about this
fight. Not only Dante's Pascal, but also Sirone's magic circle. If you could just copy it, it would be a
great help. Even if the kingdom were to secure it, they would have to pay a huge amount of money to take
it."
Olivia tried to look at it secretly, but Alpheus didn't even think about
it.
"It's Shirone's. No one is allowed to access the information without
Shirone's permission."
"Shirone might allow it. Think about it carefully. It's a decision that
can help your alma mater prosper, and above all, it's a contribution to the magic community. Shirone is
also benefiting from the accomplishments of many genius magicians."
Olivia's words were also right. Without the noble sacrifices,
challenges, efforts, and talents passed down from generation to generation, humanity's magic would not
have developed to this point.
That is why Alpheus also submitted a paper on quantum theory that
revolutionized photon magic as a tribute to the nation.
But Alpheus' thoughts remained unchanged.
"As long as Shirone is alive, he can decide at any time. But not now.
It's something you can decide for yourself when you really feel the need to. If you present the choice
in this way, it's no different from forcing it on you."
Olivia clicked her tongue. He was top-notch in old-fashionedness, then
and now.
'Well... that's why I liked you.'
The competition was over, but no student left.
The highlight of this duel was to see Dante kneel before Sirone.
However, Dante, who had been defeated, had difficulty opening his eyes
even with the teachers' recovery magic.
Sabina shook her head and sobbed.
"Dante lost. No, this can't be happening. He's defeated many strong
opponents so far, but his undefeated record can't be broken at a rural school like this."
"Sabina, calm down. For now, let's just hope Dante is safe."
Closer grabbed Sabina's shoulder and tried to calm her down. But Sabina,
already overcome with emotion, couldn't accept the reality.
Aren't there days like that in life? Days when variables that cannot be
expected from common sense keep occurring and everything goes wrong.
Today is that kind of day for Dante.
"Dante is invincible! He even had a 50% synchronization rate. He even
fought at the Royal Magic Academy with 100% synchronization! There's no way he could lose to a country
bumpkin like that!"
"Well, it's just a simulation after all."
Sabina turned her head abruptly at Canis' words.
"What?"
"Dante never fought a giant. Not even an archangel."
"What are you talking about? It is unacceptable to mock Dante!"
"Have you ever fought an enemy you absolutely could not defeat, risking
your life? It doesn't matter if you fought them in the 2000 or if your synchronization is 100%. That's
not what real combat is like."
Sabina gritted her teeth.
Amy continued.
"Dante doesn't know how to fight in real life. Of course, he has enough
skills to be useful in real life. However, Shirone has always risked his life to get to this
point."
Canis nodded.
"2000. It's similar to real combat. But it's not real combat. That kind
of thing isn't very fun. Do you know what it's like to risk your life? When you stand on the borderline
between life and death, your thoughts stop and the only thing you can think of is wanting to live. In
that situation, somehow maintaining your rationality and fighting, that's real combat."
Sabina whined like a child. Having been lynched by Nade, she could
understand what Kanis was talking about.
But they don't know with what determination Dante fought.
Even if you belittle it as a simulation and ridicule it as only fighting
opponents it could win against, there is one thing that remains unchanged.
For Dante, the 2000's duel was his whole life.
Tears welled up in Sabina's eyes.
"No. That's not what I'm saying. Dante… … Dante really fought with his
life on the line."
There was silence for a while. Shirone's friends also didn't want to
mock Dante and his friends at this point.
No, to be honest, the anger they had been running wild for a semester
couldn't be quenched by this.
But Dante was strong. It was fun to have him as a comrade competing on
the same line. Although he lost to Shirone, he ended up saving face for his friends and falling
down.
After an awkward moment, Dante finally came to his senses.
The students who had been excitedly chattered all became silent and
turned their heads to heaven's trial.
Sabina and Closer were pitiful. They wished he had just stayed
unconscious for the rest of the day, but the problem was that the student with the strongest defense
also had a fast recovery rate.
As Shirone approached, the students held their breath. Dante looked up
at Shirone with difficulty, then lowered his head again as if it was no longer possible. Then he began
muttering something to himself.
Shirone waited silently.
Finally Dante stopped muttering and raised his head again.
There was no more exchange of information. There were winners and
losers, and all that was left was to collect the spoils.
"Kill me."
Dante made a shocking declaration.
Shirone kept his mouth shut and glared at Dante.
There was a commotion here and there. He never thought that someone
would rather die than kneel down.
There were rumors that he was immature and that he was being
unreasonable and unmanly.
But Sabina knew. Dante's words were neither far-fetched nor
childish.
-I will become the best mage. To do that, I have to train like it's real
in the 2000.
-But Dante, even so, two thousands is just a simulation. There are
judgments, and it is bound to be different from actual combat.
Sabina could not forget what Dante had said at that time.
-That's right. But I can't become an archmage by training like other
students. That's why I've decided. If I lose in the 2000, it will mean my death.
Of course, he was young.
Sabina also thought that it was just a determination to brace herself
before a match.
But as time passed, she came to know Dante's true feelings.
There were many situations where he could have lost while fighting 150
or 200 matches.
But in the end, Dante was victorious.
As the 400 battles passed, Dante must have felt like the words from that
time were turning into swords and pushing him forward.
As a result, Dante grew rapidly and achieved the amazing record of 472
wins in 472 matches.
Alpheus felt that things were turning out badly.
"I knew you were thinking something like that."
He looked back at Olivia, but she shook her head as if she had never
heard of it before. She never expected that Dante would really risk his life in a duel. His
determination to become the greatest mage was good, but it was too much for an 18-year-old boy.
Then suddenly she realized.
As an 18-year-old boy, the pressure to maintain his top spot must have
been even greater.
How could it be all good to be in a magazine, be looked up to by all the
students, and beat up your rivals?
Dante was certainly responsible for his extreme choice.
Dante said again, as if it were not a lie.
"Kill me. I've never thought of losing to anyone. It's my defeat. If you
don't want to get your hands dirty, I'll do it myself. But I won't kneel before you."
Shirone lowered his head and sighed.
Dante was making a very serious mistake. It is his own decision how to
handle his own life, but when he says it out loud, it hurts some people and angers others.
"Because you lost… … you're going to die?"
"Yes. That's my determination going into this match."
"Why? Who do you think you are?"
The students' eyes widened in surprise. Dante shuddered in shame. But
the person who was most emotional at this moment was Shirone.
"You tell others to kneel so easily, but you can't even do that?"
"You're talking nonsense. I really put my life on the line. I'm saying
that I'll disappear on my own, even though I might be your lifelong rival."
"You think you're that great?"
Dante's expression crumpled again. Although he lost, he had a good
fight. He thought that Shirone would understand his feelings.
"I think I lived up to my reputation as the best talent in the kingdom.
Of course, I have no intention of making excuses. But you didn't defeat me easily either, did
you?"
"The best in the kingdom? So what can you do? Can you stop a
war?"
"what?"
"If you're that great, why don't you try to change even one little
thing? You can't do anything. So why on earth are you risking your life for defeat?"
Dante's expression became distorted, but Shirone continued to fire
regardless.
"War, famine, civil war, nothing can stop it. So what? The best in the
kingdom? You're that amazing?"
Dante was out of breath. Each word of Shirone's utterance was like a
knife piercing his head, chest, and heart. He was falling like that. Something that made him up was
falling into the abyss.
"The world won't change if you die. No one will take your death
seriously."
Dante couldn't stand it any longer. He felt like he was going to fall to
the bottom if he continued like this.
"Shut up! Are you so arrogant because you won once! Should we really
fight this time?"
"Dante."
Shirone looked at him with sympathetic eyes.
"You're just human."
Dante's face turned pale. It felt as if something surrounding his shell
was being shattered.
Suddenly, Canis' words came to mind.
-Because you'll feel like you've been stepped on to the lowest point you
can imagine.
It wasn't a fight from the beginning. What Canis said was true, without
an exaggeration.
"Not even an archmage, no, no human being can change the world alone.
They are human. That is why you have no right to die."
The students were silent in solemn silence. So were those who had mocked
Shirone as a coward for refusing to fight Dante.
A title that says he is the best talent in the kingdom.
It was certainly a dreamlike name for an aspiring magician. But from a
distance, it was nothing more than a subhuman concept created by humans.
"That kid… … ?"
Olivia asked Alpheus. The details of who Shirone was would be written in
the student records, but that wasn't what she wanted to know.
Alpheus finally confessed the truth.
"Shirone… … met Miro. And then he met Archangel Ichael in
heaven."
Olivia turned her head with a surprised expression.
Alpheus nodded with a bitter smile.
"Yes. he is one of the few people who know the truth."
Olivia was deep in thought.
Even now, this world is maintained by one mage.
Knowing that fact, all the events of human history would have seemed
even less important to Shirone.
"He's a strong kid. Most people would be scared or give up."
"He wasn't like that from the beginning. He was a shy and reserved
child."
Alpheus recalled the day he had met Shirone. The twelve-year-old boy who
had listened to his lessons from beyond the wall had now grown into a promising young man who could be
placed anywhere in the kingdom.