Chapter 257:
Another Sky (5)
"Come to think of it, today is the publication date. I hope the story
about our academy turned out well, too."
Olivia asked as she accepted the magazine.
Alpheus smiled contentedly as the words "our academy" came out of her
mouth.
However, the pleasant mood vanished the moment they saw the
cover.
The headline article contained shocking content:
Exclusive! An interview with Shirone's parents!
The student who defeated Dante is the child of a mountain hunter?
Olivia tilted her head in confusion.
It's not even Shirone, it's an interview with his parents. And what's
this about being the child of a mountain hunter?
Although Killain had a sharp personality, she wasn't foolish enough to
publish an article full of nonsensical distortions.
A cold sweat ran down Alpheas' spine.
It was a fact, not a distorted article.
Very few people at the academy knew about Shirone's background.
Of course, if Killain had decided to track down his identity, it would
have been very easy to dig it up. Even Shirone's parents wouldn't have been able to withstand the
professional reporting skills of a top correspondent.
Olivia opened the magazine and quickly read through the pages.
It detailed how Shirone had defeated Dante, complete with photos.
She had heard that Obscura was broken, but now it was clear that had
been a lie.
However, the article was not false.
There is a degree to which distortion of a news could happen, but if an
article like this had been written as a fabrication, she would have been grounds for expulsion, needless
to say.
'Is it true? Shirone is... the son of a mountain hunter?'
Olivia turned to Alpheas as if demanding an explanation.
Alpheas nodded with a bitter expression.
"It's true. Shirone is the child of a mountain hunter. But he was
admitted through a special selection, recommended by the Ogent Family. Even the teachers didn't know.
Thad didn't know either."
Olivia showed her frustration.
"That doesn't matter. Why did you hide it from me? As the principal, I
should at least be aware of it."
Alpheas felt wronged as well.
No one knew better than him that Olivia was cautious and discreet. The
issue was that he hadn't anticipated this happening.
"I didn't hide it on purpose; it just wasn't something I kept in my
mind. It's been a year, and no one's ever asked about Shirone's background."
As Alpheas spoke with a sad face, Olivia also stopped complaining and
became lost in thought.
Shirone's personality was definitely unique. When you get along with
him, it's true that you don't really care about his origins.
However, in places where many people gather, anything was bound to
happen.
"Honestly, you're too naive. No matter how many allies Shirone has,
there will always be students who are jealous. You should always keep that in mind. If I had known, none
of this would have happened."
This time, Alpheas had no response.
While he was excellent at nurturing students, he was not well-versed in
politics.
Olivia crossed her arms and thought about it for a moment before making
a decision.
"Teacher Thad."
"Yes, Principal."
"Summon Killain immediately. Tell her to come see me as soon as she
receives the message. If she doesn't show up within 24 hours, let her know I'll come to find her
myself."
"Understood."
Thad lowered his head and turned around.
@
When Shirone's origins were revealed, Alpheas Magic Academy was turned
upside down.
The teachers were shocked, but the most vocal reactions came from the
students.
Olivia's prediction had been spot on.
While it seemed like everyone liked Shirone, there was a small group of
students who were swept up in the public opinion and couldn't express their opinions. These were the
ones who secretly envied Shirone's talent.
Now that this scandal had broken, they began to criticize him as if they
had found their chance, like fish swimming freely in water.
After class, the academy cafeteria was crowded with students.
Although many had free time since the advanced class exams were over,
the main reason for the crowd was to discuss the current hot topic: Shirone. The library wasn't exactly
the best place for such conversations.
In particular, the middle-ranking group of Class Four, who were
occupying the tables in the corner, were enthusiastically belittling Shirone as if they had been hired
to do so.
"Tch! Does this even make sense? We've been attending school with a
commoner."
"Not just any commoner—a mountain hunter, no less. I can't stand
being in the same school anymore."
"No wonder he sometimes seemed so clueless. You can't hide your
origins. He's only been learning magic for a year, and that's why he couldn't even cast basic
spells."
Of course, they were ignoring one crucial fact.
Shirone had become the top student in the advanced class within just a
year. No, he was the best in the entire kingdom.
Everyone could sense the contradiction, but no one voiced it
aloud.
What they really wanted was to use this opportunity to tear Shirone down
completely, regardless of his genius.
Closer, who was leaning against the countertop, grumbled as he watched
their antics.
"What a mess. These guys wouldn't even be close to first place,
even without Shirone."
Savina also didn't like the sight of them hiding in a corner and
gossiping about someone.
Sure, Shirone was an enemy she couldn't bring herself to like either,
However, the pride she had in competing head-on with the best group made her refuse to compare herself
to those spreading rumors.
"Dante, what do you think?"
"What?"
Dante, uninterested in the gossip, was staring at the menu on the
countertop.
"Shirone, of course. It's pretty shocking, isn't it? Who would've
thought he wasn't a noble?"
Dante blinked and looked back at his friends and asked.
"Hey, what do you guys want to drink?"
Savina raised her hand and said.
"I'll have orange juice. My skin's been dry lately, so I need some
vitamins."
"Really? Then I'll get iced coffee since I'm thirsty. How about
you, Closer?"
Closer stared at Dante.
The day after losing in Heaven's Trial, Dante did not attend class and
rested. The academy was considerate because anti-magic had taken its toll, but in reality, it was his
heart, not his mind, that was injured.
A day passed like that, and the next day Dante returned to the
academy.
Naturally, all eyes were on him, but he attended class as if nothing had
happened, with his usual calm demeanor.
'Dante, are you really okay?'
Closer still couldn't figure out what Dante was truly thinking.
If Dante was planning revenge, he would prepare for a rematch. If he
acknowledged Shirone, the right thing to do would be to leave the academy. After all, the semester was
almost over, and it was about time to start packing.
However, Dante hadn't mentioned anything about his future plans.
"Hey, Senior Dante…."
A girl from Class Five approached Dante with a blushing face.
"Huh?"
Dante, sipping iced coffee through a straw, looked at her.
"That, I just wanted to say that I found your match really
impressive."
Closer and Savina felt as though their hearts had dropped.
It's one thing to be oblivious, but to bring up something Dante himself
had been silent about was thoughtless.
But the naive girl seemed to believe that as long as her words were
sincere, they were acceptable.
"Even though you lost, I don't think you were truly defeated,
Senior Dante. Why, there's something like that, an eternal rival. I think Senior Dante can definitely
win in the next match."
Savina sneaked a glance at Dante.
Contrary to her expectations, Dante didn't show much emotion, just
blinked and said nonchalantly.
"Sure, thanks."
His friends were shocked.
Dante, who used to think that one loss was akin to death, now responded
so calmly. This reaction was far from normal.
'No way, his head didn't go weird from the shock of defeat, did
he?"
The girl, thrilled by Dante's thanks, hurried back to her
friends.
Suddenly, everyone in the cafeteria seemed to be watching them. The
chatter had stopped, and the place was now eerily quiet.
Dante realized that all eyes were on him and only then did he look
around. Then he sat down at an empty table as if nothing had happened and sipped his coffee.
Closer, holding the same coffee Dante had ordered, slammed it down on
the table and sat across from him, speaking in a low voice.
"What the hell is wrong with you?"
"What do you mean?"
"Shirone, obviously. No matter how I think about it, it's strange
that you haven't said anything."
"So, what do you want me to say?"
"Forget about Shirone for a second. The match is over, but
shouldn't you at least say something? Are you really just going to give up like this? You've got to
reclaim your title as the kingdom's greatest student."
Dante let out a bitter laugh. It was a laugh filled with
self-mockery.
"The greatest student in the kingdom? Well…."
Closer, frustrated by Dante's lukewarm response, pounded his
chest.
It was clear that Dante was stuck in a serious slump.
The defeat to Shirone had hit him so hard that all his motivation and
passion seemed to have disappeared.
"You really…!"
Just as Closer was about to raise his voice in frustration, the
cafeteria doors opened, and two people walked in.
Coincidentally, it was Nade and Iruki.
Naturally, all the students' attention shifted toward them.
It was a situation where the parties that had been engaged in a fierce
confrontation for three weeks were reunited.
It was a shame that Shirone couldn't be seen, but on the other hand,
part of the students wondered how Dante would even be able to lift his head after what had
happened.
All the students in the academy have higher ranks than Shirone.
They were nobles, while Shirone was a commoner.
According to societal norms, Shirone should have licked their boots
without protest if asked to.
Of course, being educated individuals, they knew such behavior wasn't
exactly right, but they had no intention of giving up the advantages they were born with.
Iruki, noticing the strange atmosphere in the cafeteria, spotted
Dante.
Dante didn't look away and met his gaze.
The students held their breath, waiting for an exchange between the two,
but contrary to their expectations, Iruki's words were underwhelming.
"You're here? That's unusual. I didn't think you'd hang around in a
place like the cafeteria."
Dante raised his coffee.
"Just thirsty. What about you?"
Iruki has had unusual tastes since he was young, and he doesn't buy food
unless it's something special. This was because he thinks it lowers brain function.
Back when they were younger, their classmates found Iruki's behavior
strange, but Dante thought it made sense.
That's why, even though quite a long time had passed, he remembered
Iruki's eating habits.
Iruki shrugged and walked over to the countertop.
"Shirone didn't have dinner. I thought I'd grab something for
him."
Dante nodded in understanding.
"Yeah. How's Shirone doing?"
"Well… Just so-so. But I think he's a bit shaken."
"Really? That's unexpected."
Dante meant it.
Having exchanged high-speed information during Heaven's Trial match,
Dante had experienced firsthand the vastness of Shirone's thought. He thought that he was absolutely not
the type of person to stay in seclusion for something like this.
"That's… Shirone is extremely sensitive when it comes to his family.
Apparently, he's really upset that Killain interviewed his parents without permission."
Dante thought of Killain.
She would have done more than enough.
If Shirone's family knew how much the academy was in turmoil, the guilt
they'd feel would be overwhelming.
That was what bothered Shirone, and he was likely just waiting for the
situation to pass as quickly as possible.
"Hey, Iruki, are you really going to hang around with Shirone in
this situation?"
One of the boys who had been badmouthing Shirone, James, suddenly stood
up and pointed at Iruki.
The mid-ranked group wanted Dante and Shirone's crew to clash, because
if their feud escalated and they destroyed each other, it would create an opportunity for them to climb
higher.
But when the expected clash did not occur, he decided to step forward
and provoke Iruki himself.
"If you're a Mercodyne, you're top household in the kingdom. Don't you
feel betrayed? Shirone's way below you, yet he's been pretending to be on your level. And here you are,
running errands for him like a servant—does that make sense?"
Iruki, rather than getting angry, proudly wagged his finger.
"Why wouldn't it make sense? First, Shirone is my friend. Right
now, he's hungry. And most importantly, we already knew about Shirone's background. He's my friend, so
of course, I'm helping him out."
"Wha- What?"
James gaped in bewilderment.
The idea that Iruki and Nade knew about Shirone's background all along
and still chose to remain friends was something he couldn't wrap his head around.