Chapter 258:
The Revealed Truth (2)
Nade stepped in. Although he was someone who liked to get along with
everyone, he couldn't help but side with Shirone in this situation.
"You guys should stop now. Sure, it's shocking that Shirone is a
commoner, but it's not like he purposely hid it. If you had asked, he would've told you. That's just the
kind of person he is. Attacking a fellow student over something unrelated to competition isn't
right."
"Competition? Don't talk nonsense. He's a commoner, a commoner! Do
you hang out with commoners outside of school? No! At home, you have tons of commoners serving you, so
how can you accept someone like Shirone?"
Nade sighed.
Since they couldn't communicate, trying to persuade them even for a
hundred days was a waste of time.
Of course, there was some truth to what James said, and it was not hard
to understand their feelings.
But what could he do? Shirone was already a dear friend, and Nade
couldn't stand seeing him hurt.
James, deciding that Iruki and Nade were already biased in favor of
Shirone, turned his attention to Dante.
"Dante! Say something. You're the one who should be the angriest
here! You were humiliated by a mere commoner!"
Dante made a bewildered expression.
"Why should I care whether someone's a commoner or a noble? I lost,
so I lost."
For the first time, Dante expressed his feelings about the match, but
even that was bland.
James finally realized what was going on.
Neither Dante's group nor Shirone's group wanted to get involved with
the middle-ranked group.
It was as if they were avoiding reality, fearing that if they joined in
slandering Shirone, they'd be seen as on the same level as James and his group.
James lowered his head and trembled, then couldn't hold it in any longer
and snapped.
"So that's how it is? Do you all want to cling to Shirone? Because
no one in the academy can beat Shirone anymore! You think that if you side with Shirone, you'll look
amazing too, right? You and I are no different. In the end, we're all just losers!"
Dante swirled the ice in his iced coffee and replied calmly.
"That's going a bit too far. I'm the one who lost, so why are you
the one getting upset?"
"You're being so hypocritical! I know you can't stand it! How could you
possibly be okay after losing so miserably? You were beaten to a pulp by Shirone and even passed out!
What's going on in that head of yours?"
"This punk running his mouth!"
Closer couldn't hold back any longer. Before Dante's defeat, these kids
couldn't even make eye contact with him, but now they were full of confidence, saying whatever they
wanted.
"Enough. Stop."
Dante stopped Closer, gazing up at the ceiling. After thinking for a
while, he slowly spoke.
"What if… I had simplified the design of Automaton?"
James' expression distorted at the sudden remark.
"What? What kind of nonsense are you talking about
now?"
"The circuits of Pascal should have been more intuitive. For
example, separating offense and defense, focusing each on one task. Maybe having too many basic magics
was a problem. If it had only used Wind Cutter instead of Fireball, its mobility would have
increased."
As Dante continued talking, the students around him wore puzzled
expressions.
Iruki and Nade listened intently.
Indeed, if Dante had structured things that way, the outcome of the
match might have been different.
James, on the other hand, kept his mouth shut and trembled with
anger.
Dante, holding his coffee, walked over to him.
"If you're wondering what I'm thinking, it's all about magic. We go
to a magic academy, after all. But what about you? What does Shirone's background or nobility have to do
with your magic?"
James' face turned red like a ripe persimmon.
The shame came rushing in like a tide, and he wanted nothing more than
to run away from this situation.
But he couldn't show such shameful behavior in front of his
juniors.
He was pushed back by logic, so this time he tried being
unreasonable.
"Sh- Shut up! What about you? You didn't even kneel to Shirone! You
went on about how he should kill you or whatever, but look at you—you're still alive!"
Closer's eyes grew cold.
"James, do you have a death wish?"
James flinched, but having already said his piece, there was no turning
back.
Besides, Closer had already been beaten by Iruki before, so he probably
wouldn't resort to violence here.
"It's the truth, isn't it? Tell me! Aren't you just a hypocrite,
pretending to be something you're not?"
Dante was silent for a moment.
It wasn't that he was deep in thought. He was simply waiting for
Shirone's voice in his head to fade away.
"That's…."
Dante said casually.
"I couldn't bring myself to die. Dying is scary."
"Wha- What?"
Iruki burst into laughter.
He wasn't mocking Dante.
Dying is, of course, terrifying to anyone. Just as Shirone had said,
they were all merely human.
Although Iruki didn't particularly like Dante, he appreciated the
clear-cut nature of Dante's personality, just like his automaton.
"I fought with the determination to die, but when it came down to it, I
couldn't do it. That's all. And I didn't want to kneel either."
James lost his mind.
He couldn't understand what was going through the minds of Dante's group
or Shirone's group. To him, they all seemed like lunatics.
"Haha! I get it now. You loser! In the end, you just bowed down to
Shirone. You were never brave enough to die in the first place! Why don't you just crawl back to that
fancy Royal Magic Academy of yours?"
Closer made up his mind to thoroughly beat James to a pulp.
Until now, the weight of his loss had made him feel too downcast to
resort to violence. But after hearing James insult Dante, he couldn't let it slide any longer.
"Dante, don't stop me now."
Closer said as he rubbed his knuckles and approached James.
But once again, Dante held him back.
"Let it go. This is just the fate of a loser. It's not something I
can prove anyway."
Closer looked as if he was going crazy with frustration.
"Dante…."
But Dante was genuinely okay.
James' voice was nothing but noise. Words without any meaning.
Hadn't Dante quit academy when he was younger because he hated kids who
ranted about other people without taking the time to reflect on themselves?
Dante responded to James' angry outburst with a smile.
"And James, I'm not going back to Royal Magic Academy. I'm going to keep
attending Alpheas Magic Academy and graduate from here."
Closer opened his eyes in surprise, forgetting the anger he had felt a
moment ago.
It was a sudden statement, considering that he had not said a word about
his future plans.
Savina asked in disbelief.
"Dante, is that true? Even Master Olivia hasn't confirmed whether
she'll accept the position as vice-principal yet."
"It has nothing to do with Master. As long as Shirone is here, I'm
staying too."
A glimmer of joy filled Closer's eyes.
"You're planning a rematch? Great! When are we doing
this?"
"That's not for me to decide. I don't want to be unreasonable since I've
already lost myself. But I still have one more chance to redeem myself. I can't give that up and
transfer, right?"
"Huh? A chance?"
Dante looked at Iruki and said.
"The graduation exam. It's a hurdle that no magic academy student can
avoid. Of course, Shirone will take the graduation exam as well."
Iruki nodded as if it were a given.
"Of course."
Dante finally felt a sense of relief.
Although there were still some variables to consider, he felt relieved
to have made the declaration as the situation unfolded.
As Shirone had said, he was only human. There was no need to obsess over
minor victories.
Dante intended to start over from there.
"Closer, I'm taking the graduation exam here. And I'll make sure to
beat Shirone and graduate as number one."
Closer flexed his muscles and shouted loudly.
"Great! This time, we're going to win! Let's start special training
today!"
Nade said as he pulled Iruki towards him.
"Haha! You think taking first place will be that easy? You don't
think we're just going to sit around, do you?"
Dante nodded, acknowledging their challenge.
It was true that Nade and Iruki were rivals just as strong as
Shirone.
"Fine, bring it on. First place is still going to be
mine."
Dante turned to James, who was standing awkwardly, looking like a lost
cause, and said.
"You'd better prepare too. After all, you need to graduate to
become a mage, right?"
James didn't answer. He just bowed his head and left the
cafetaria.
The students who had been badmouthing Shirone up until now also looked
at each other and slowly followed behind. It was already overwhelming to see Shirone and his group, but
when Dante and his crew were also competing in the advanced class, it was daunting.
Dante tossed his empty coffee cup into the trash and headed for the
door.
"We're leaving. Tell Shirone I won't lose next time."
Iruki said with a laugh.
"Why don't you tell him yourself?"
Dante stopped for a moment, looked up at the ceiling and said.
"Well, that's right. Later, when I have time."
Then, as if nothing had happened, he opened the door and left.
It seemed that his cool, laid-back attitude was just part of who he
was.
Suddenly, the door burst open again, and Savina came in.
She glared at Nade, chewing on her lips, and then, with a determined
stride, walked toward him.
Now that Dante had decided to make a comeback, Sabvna needed to overcome
her fear of Nade.
As she glared fiercely at him, Nade leaned back slightly.
He knew that ever since the beating, Savina had been afraid of him.
Although it was true that she had insulted his family, he still felt guilty about instilling the fear of
death in her.
"N- Next time we meet, I won't let you off so easily."
It was clear how much courage it had taken for Savina to say those
words.
Nade decided to let it go.
While he didn't particularly care about getting a mage's certification,
he wanted to compete fairly until graduation.
Nade said with a smile.
"Alright, let's have a proper match next time."
"Hmph."
Savina blushed and ran out of the cafetaria, her heart pounding with the
confidence of having finally said what she wanted.
Iruki blankly watched Savina leave.
"What, all of a sudden?"
Since he didn't know the backstory, he couldn't understand the meaning
behind their conversation.
Even Nade, who would normally be the first to speak, kept his mouth
shut.
"What? What's going on? Wait, do you… have a thing for
Savina?"
Nade waved his hand in surprise.
"No way! Savina is… Ah, never mind. It's just…
complicated."
Seeing that Nade didn't want to explain further, Iruki stopped pressing
him.
Whatever the nature of Savina and Nade's relationship, it was their own
business.
Of course, he personally wanted to actively support it. He doesn't like
Savina, but if she can drive away the ghosts that have rooten in Nade's mind, then it's okay.
"Alright. Anyway, let's hurry and buy what we need. Shirone's
probably waiting."
@
Supernatural Psychic Science Research Group.
In the quiet of the research room, after his friends had left, Shirone
sat deep in thought.
A <Spirit> magazine that Nade had brought was lying on the sofa,
with Shirone's gaze fixed on the page containing the interview with his parents.
"Haa, why…."
Shirone couldn't believe what was happening.
Of course, he wasn't ashamed of being the son of commoners, and he took
pride in being their child.
But he was now old enough to understand how the world worked to some
extent.
There were many friends at the magic academy who had a clear sense of
common sense, so they hadn't experienced any major crises so far, but the world's perspective would be
different.
He wanted to see his parents. What must they be feeling right
now?
His father likely knew that having their son's status revealed wouldn't
bring good things.
How on earth did Killain get him to confess?
If she had used coercion, Shirone wouldn't be able to forgive
her.
'I just hope Mom wasn't hurt by all this.'
Since the interview had been published nationwide, Shirone felt that if
he submitted a leave of absence now, it would likely be approved.
Most of all, he was certain that Principal Alpheas would treat this
matter as if it were his own problem.