Chapter 271:
Terraje's Bloodline (4)
Even past midnight, Orkamp remained in the study, unable to leave.
Sitting at his desk with his face buried in his hands, he mulled over the conversations from the dinner
table, going over them sentence by sentence.
Had he misspoken? Had he provoked Terraje? What kind of variables could
his words cause in the future?
Reviewing the words that were repeated every day was extremely
exhausting and tiring.
But he couldn't afford to make a single mistake.
Until he could get his hands on a card strong enough to contend the
Empress, he had to be cautious—overly cautious.
A voice came from behind Orkamp.
"You called for me, Your Majesty."
A man in his mid-thirties emerged from the shadows. His thin eyes seemed
to always be smiling, and seven piercings lined his ears. He had an effeminate appearance.
Morrigan Arius.
He was a sorcerer known by the nickname "Grave Robber" and an
Unlocker who had accessed Immortal Function.
As one of the Seven Magical Sins, affiliated with the Black Line, Arius
was recruited to the Kazra Kingdom five years ago for his proficiency in Scale Magic.
Unlike the Red Line, the Black Line had no formal association, nor did
it have ranks or hierarchy.
Some mages formed organizations, like the Seven Magical Sins, while
others, like Arius, operated independently. Many were criminals hunted by the kingdom.
There were some mages who caused trouble in the Red Line and crossed
over to the Black Line, but they didn't amount to much compared to the notorious mass murderers within
the Black Line.
If someone's name became well-known, their bounty started in the
billions, and there were even guilds in the Red Line dedicated solely to hunting the Black Line.
Any country associated with the Black Line was criticized
internationally, but given Kazra's political situation, there was little choice.
Though the political marriage with Terraje had ended the civil war,
internal strife and external pressure from neighboring countries made things unstable.
Kazra's neighboring nations would never allow it to grow unchecked, and
internally, he had to be mindful of the Terraje faction.
Unable to strengthen the power of the Red Line due to foreign
opposition, Orkamp turned to the Black Line as a necessary step.
"How did the task go?"
"It went smoothly. I believe we've secured most of the confidential
information. Terraje won't suspect a thing."
"I see."
"It's time to move to the next phase. From what I've observed, he's a
promising prospect. Truly a prince worthy of Your Majesty."
Orkamp sighed with self-loathing. It was laughable—he had callously
abandoned his son, only to now try to use him because he had found a way to benefit.
Arius grinned like a snake and offered consolation.
"Don't worry. After all, you're not going to kill him, right? There
won't be any problems."
"That child… said he was going to leave the palace."
Arius's narrow eyes opened slightly. In his revealed pupils, a sharp
gleam flickered like starlight.
"I see. Well, Unlockers tend to care little for worldly things. They're
always chasing the strange, the curious, things that slip through their fingers."
"Like you?"
Arius was known as a Grave Robber, but what he sought wasn't gold or
jewels.
"Well, something like that. But it doesn't change the plan. Shirone
isn't what's important—Ataraxia is."
Orkamp frowned. Why did it have to be that child? No, this was an
opportunity. If he missed this chance, he might never break free from Terraje's grip.
Orkamp could never forget the humiliation he suffered after marrying
Terraje, reduced to little more than a male prostitute. The nightmares of that time still haunted him,
and he often woke drenched in cold sweat.
The woman who had crushed his spirit, leaving him with nothing but two
obstacles—Zion and Uorin—had vanished like the wind.
Terraje had plans to swallow the world.
One of her key moves was organizing the multinational force known as
Valkyrie, to challenge Heaven.
Comprising 24 nations, Valkyrie army was powerful enough to annihilate a
small kingdom in just three days, and Terraje was its commander.
The reason the Kazra Kingdom has grown so rapidly in the past 20 years
was also because it was able to acquire a portion of Valkyrie's shares.
However, Orkamp didn't believe the kingdom's growth would last long.
Zion was growing well, and his surname was not Orkamp, but Terraje.
Eventually, Terraje would devour Kazra, just as she had consumed him
long ago.
Then, one day, a report came. A student at the magic academy in Thormia
had used the powers of Heaven
An investigation was launched immediately, and the shocking truth was
revealed. That child was none other than Shirone, whom he had discarded 18 years ago.
Orkamp felt as if Heaven itself had intervened on his behalf.
Even within the Valkyrie army, only a few individuals could wield the
power of Heaven.
According to experts, Ataraxia was a power associated with archangels,
ranking as Triple S in terms of power.
There wasn't a single person, past or present, in the Valkyrie capable
of wielding a Triple S-level ability.
And now Shirone, his own blood, had that power. If Orkamp could make him
the First Prince, he would have a weapon against Terraje.
Not only would it strengthen Kazra's position within the Valkyrie, but
there was even a possibility of driving Terraje's bloodline out of the throne.
Orkamp finally made up his mind and asked.
"Can Ataraxia be replicated?"
"It's my specialty. Leave it to me."
"I don't want to hurt that child. I want him to live the life he
desires."
Of course, that was a lie.
The sole reason for calling Shirone was to use the power of Ataraxia to
keep Terraje in check.
In that regard, the existence of Orkamp's bloodline itself was a risky
element that could provoke Terraje's wrath.
Replicating Ataraxia's information and sending Shirone back was
currently the best possible outcome. In fact, if they hadn't summoned him in the first place, there
would have been no need to worry about Terraje's response.
Upon hearing news about Ataraxia, Arius had infiltrated Alpheas Magic
Academy. However, it seemed that someone sharp within the Red Line had already destroyed the black
box.
As a result, the only person in this world who could wield Ataraxia was
Shirone, and there was no choice but to summon him to the royal palace as a second option.
"We're not stealing it. I'm just saying that since it's a good thing,
let's share it. A son can do that much for his father, right?"
"If Shirone refuses the heir position, I won't force him. But we
absolutely need Ataraxia."
Arius nodded confidently.
"Don't worry. Leave it to me. Just let me meet Shirone during the
paternity test tomorrow."
Orkamp turned his head, puzzled.
"Paternity test? All the ministers will be present. We're verifying
the royal bloodline, so there can't be any funny business."
"Of course. I have no intention of interfering with the test. It's just…
it's good to be sure, after all, haha. But surely, before the test, there will be an opportunity, won't
there?"
Only then did Orkamp nod in understanding.
The test would be conducted under strict supervision, but before the
test, it would be possible for Arius to quietly approach Shirone.
"I'll trust you, then."
"Rest easy. Everything will go well."
Leaving those words behind, Arius vanished like smoke. It was a
signature move of those who used Scale Magic.
The door to the study opened, and Eliza entered. Her pale face suggested
she had overheard their secretive conversation.
"What brings you here at this late hour?"
Eliza clasped her hands together and pleaded.
"Dear, this is our son. I don't know what's going on, but please don't
put him in danger."
"There's no need to worry. It's merely… a political matter. Don't
concern yourself with it. Go back to bed."
"How can I not be worried? Don't you feel any guilt? Please, don't hurt
that child any more than you already have!"
Orkamp's expression twisted with anger.
"Guilt? If we hadn't abandoned that child, Kazra would have become
a vassal state of Yakma. I would've been beheaded, and you would've become a plaything for foreign
officials. Is that really what you wanted?"
Eliza shuddered, her face turning pale. She knew better than anyone what
happened to royalty when they lost a war.
She could never allow that to happen.
Without a word, Eliza retreated to her room. She would continue to enjoy
her current life. She had no intention of relinquishing her position as queen, where she could have
whatever she wanted.
@
A village 14 kilometers from Kazra Royal Palace.
The Eternal Contemplator, Armin of the Eye of Light, was staying in the
small village of Toshka while carrying out a special mission.
Of course, his profession as a painter was still valid. Although he had
lost his eyesight, the Eye of Light in his eye socket allowed him to see the hidden aspects of the
world.
The charcoal in his hand drew rough strokes across the canvas,
reflecting the turmoil in his emotions.
Today, his hands weren't moving the way he wanted.
An artist's work often reflects their state of mind, and as his drawing
neared completion, only his unsettled heart became more apparent.
"Huuu."
Armin stopped and set down the charcoal.
Due to the nature of his profession, he was always aware of the world's
information and also passed it along. To the average person, the world seemed calm, but beneath the
surface, countless undercurrents were forming.
'Shirone….'
Recently, the name most often mentioned by those who operated in the
depths was none other than Shirone.
When Armin had first read about Shirone in Spirit Magazine, he had felt
pleased.
He felt that the outstanding talent that he had felt at the time was
finally shining.
However, the moment he learned about the magic circle mentioned in the
article, he was shocked.
He didn't know how Shirone had come to acquire the power of an
Archangel, but it was an event that would certainly catch the attention of leaders from across the
world.
And just yesterday, he received intelligence that Shirone had been
invited to Kazra Kingdom.
Apparently, Shirone was the son Orkamp had lost 18 years ago.
While the truth of the rumors was unclear, if it were true, Kazra
Kingdom had made an excellent choice.
On the other hand, it was a dangerous matter for Shirone.
Kazra Kingdom was under the influence of Terraje, the ruler of the
Valkyries and Empress of the Kashan Empire.
For Shirone, an incomplete mage, it was far too dangerous a current to
be swept into.
"What are you doing? You said you were busy today, but you're not even
painting."
Keira came in, carrying groceries she'd bought at the market.
On paper, she was his wife, but in reality, she was his supervisor.
Seeing Armin lost in thought, Keira narrowed her eyes.
"Huh? Oh."
Armin hurriedly shook off his thoughts and picked up the charcoal, but
there was no hiding from Keira's sharp gaze.
Even if she wasn't the most perceptive person, she, too, was someone who
operated within the depths. She likely had a good sense of what was on Armin's mind.
"…."
Without even putting down the groceries, Keira waited for Armin to
confess.
But he continued to pretend as if nothing was wrong, merely waving the
charcoal around.
One of the things that irritated Keira most when dealing with Armin was
the fact that she could never tell what he was thinking behind the cloth covering his eyes.
"You're not having any strange thoughts, are you?"
Armin's hand stopped abruptly. He frowned, clearly irritated, and turned
to Keira.
"Strange thoughts?"
"About Shirone. Of course, we should be monitoring him, but it's not our
place to intervene. The higher-ups have ordered us to wait until Kazra Kingdom reaches its own
conclusion."
Armin threw the charcoal away carelessly and stood up.
"Kazra Kingdom is involved with Black Line mages. You know better than
anyone what their capabilities are. Shirone is important to us, too. If we wait until they reach a
conclusion, it'll be too late."
"That's exactly why we shouldn't act. The higher-ups are strictly
controlling any conflict with the Black Line. It's better to leave this to the Red Line."
"It's not as simple as you think. The reason they took Shirone
is…"
Keira's eyes turned cold.
"Armin, I'll say it one more time—don't act recklessly. This is an
order, not as a comrade, but as your superior. If you don't follow my instructions, I'll be forced to
invoke the Pact Oath."
Armin clenched his jaw, glaring at Keira. If he disobeyed her orders,
the people he loved would be hurt. Naturally, Sienna's name was on that list.
As the Eye of Light hidden beneath his bandages emitted a cold glow,
Keira felt a shiver run down her spine.
But she couldn't back down.
For forty years, they had avoided conflict with the Black Line.
Upsetting the balance now would only bring about greater disaster.
Armin sighed, then walked to the window, looking out at the scenery.
Though it was winter, the sun still shone brightly, casting its powerful rays over the world.
"…So this is how it's going to be?"
"There's no other way. It's my job."
Keira forced herself to maintain a cold tone. She didn't want to trouble
a fellow sorcerer who had reached the pinnacle of Time Magic like this.
But the Pact Oath was still in effect, as dictated by the higher-ups. It
wasn't something she could decide on her own, so she had to find a way to persuade Armin by any means
necessary. It was all for his sake.
Armin shot back coldly.
"So, is it your job to bind, restrain, and imprison me?"
Keira looked slightly aggrieved.
"Yes! If you're angry, then go ahead and insult me. I'll take whatever
you throw at me. But until the orders come down, you can't go anywhere. That's my job."
Armin's breathing grew harsher.
Keira felt as though she were facing a growling beast and hastily
brought her right hand to her bosom.
In a one-on-one confrontation, Keira might be at a slight disadvantage.
But she had something she could rely on.
The Pact Oath gripped in her right hand could be activated at any
moment.
"Ugh, this is too much."
Armin let out a deep sigh, ending the tense standoff that felt like it
was draining the life out of him. He walked over to the table and gently touched the flowers in a
vase.
Flowers that had been forcibly plucked and confined in a glass bottle.
Perhaps his own situation wasn't so different from these flowers.
"Keira…."
Armin's voice was sorrowful. Keira, understanding his feelings, softened
her expression and approached him.
"Armin, I'm sorry. But…"
"No one can imprison me."
At that moment, Armin turned to Keira and spoke. He then swung his hand,
sending the vase crashing to the floor.
Keira's eyes instinctively followed the falling vase.
'Damn it!'
In that brief moment, she lost sight of Armin. By the time she realized
it, Time Field had already been activated.
The vase, which had been falling in reverse, froze in midair, and Keira,
unable to turn her gaze, was left standing motionless like a doll.
Within the frozen time, Armin had vanished from sight.