Chapter 274:
Hostile Friendly Relations (3)
Uorin scratched the floor where Shirone had fallen with her fingers. A
transparent sheet of film peeled off with a "zip" sound, and she held it in her hand.
"Ta-da! This is it. Now, check the floor again."
When Shirone stepped on it, unlike when he fell, the hardness of the
marble that matched common sense was transmitted. He even stomped down with his full weight, but the
result was the same.
"Isn't that amazing? With just this, you can take a nap even on rocky
terrain. You can even do this. Watch closely."
Uorin walked up to the eagle sculpture that was taller than her and
covered it with the film. As if by magic, the sculpture sank and a flat floor appeared.
She pressed down her skirt, jumped up, and landed on her bottom. Her
buttocks sank into the fluffy floor and bounced back.
Her actions were childish, but Shirone observed her seriously. He had no
idea what caused this to happen.
It wasn't science. But it wasn't magic either.
Shirone looked around seriously. Only then did he realize why the items
in the room were not luxurious. This was a place where the most expensive items in the world were
gathered.
Uorin smiled mischievously.
"That's right. This is where we collect Objet."
He had suspected it, but hearing the words spoken out loud sent a wave
of shock through him.
He recalled the Objet of Sleep owned by the two-horned Mara Baalb at
Heaven.
Even then, he shuddered at its strangeness, but the current shock was on
a different level.
'Are you saying everything here is an Objet?'
In any normal place, items would be arranged according to their
function—tableware in the kitchen, books in the library. But here, there was no order or reason for how
things were displayed, and there was no consistency in their arrangement.
Roughly counting, there were over 50 items on display. It was only
possible because they were the Terraje Family that ruled the continent.
While Shirone was still in a daze, Zion approached, holding a copy of
Spirit magazine.
As expected, his reaction was cynical. Raising the corners of his mouth
as if it was nothing, he shoved the magazine and said,
"A genius aspiring magician, huh?"
Shirone didn't even feel like responding.
"Of course, magic is a tremendous power. I acknowledge that too.
But you see, even such an ability is nothing compared to an Objet, right? The annual salary of a
3rd-class archmage working at Kazra Royal Palace is approximately 30 million gold. If I sell one of
these items, how many archmages could I hire?"
"What do you want to say?"
"No matter how outstanding a mage is, in the end, they're just a
dog of the royalty. The talent of a ruler isn't determined by something trivial like magic."
Zion held the Spirit magazine at Shirone's eye level and dropped it. He
stepped on the magazine and walked past Shirone, turning around.
"Must feel great, huh? In three days, you'll be the first prince. What's
it like? Already feeling like a king?"
Now that the paternity test was over, it was clear that the power
struggle among the nobles would intensify. In such a situation, it was natural for someone like Zion,
who was at the heart of power, to gauge Shirone's state of mind.
"I'm pretty sure I made it clear. I'm not interested. As soon as
the results are out, I'm going back home."
"Hmph, sure you will."
Zion didn't believe him.
Who in the world would turn down the throne? Even if someone did, it
would only be because they hadn't yet tasted the sweetness of power.
Power guarantees all kinds of pleasures that humans crave.
Once he becomes the first prince, no matter how much character Shirone
has cultivated, his mind was bound to change.
"It's no use pretending to be noble. This is the royal palace.
Especially with me, such tricks won't work."
Zion snatched <Fluffy Anywhere> from Uorin and threw it on the
floor.
"For one toy like this, I could buy the entire magic academy you attend
to. In an instant, I can become your teacher. Your teacher will have to crawl between my legs. And what?
You're not interested in the throne? Do you think I'd believe that?"
Shirone realized that Zion was a person purely driven by material
things. Shirone attended the academy not for tangible things but to gain the intangible values that lay
within.
Hearing the story, it seemed that <Fluffy Everywhere> was in the
billions range, but he just dismissed it as a child's toy.
But the power of an Objet, which defied common sense, could hold immense
value depending on how it was used.
For example, what if it was used to conceal a vault containing the
"Essence of Spirits"?
No matter how expensive an Objet is, it's not even worth a dime compared
to the Essence of Spirits, of which there are only 17 in the world (2 fire, 3 water, 5 wind, 7
earth).
Once equipped, not only could one cast magic of the corresponding
element, but they could also completely block magic of that same element, making the Essences worth more
than the entire budget of a small kingdom.
In the end, there will always be people in the world who absolutely need
it, and they won't spare any expense to get what they want.
A family like Terraje might be able to buy it for amusement, but Zion's
belief that they were expensive purely because of a collector's whim was simply a misconception.
"I think it would be better if you gave the Fluffy Anywhere to someone
else. No matter how good a book is, it's useless to someone who would use it as a pot coaster."
"Haha! That's the privilege of royalty. A good book? We could use gold
as a pot coaster if we felt like it."
Shirone gritted his teeth and swallowed his anger. Since their origins
were different, they couldn't find a common ground even in trivial things.
"Enough. If you're done talking, I'll be going back."
Staying any longer would only hurt his feelings, so he headed towards
the door, but Uorin ran over and tugged on his sleeve.
"Wait! I have something to tell Shirone Oppa too. There's something
I want to show you. Come this way."
Shirone found it hard to refuse Uorin.
First of all, she was someone he could communicate with, and she had
supported him among the arrogant royalty. Above all, she was the daughter of the mighty Terraje
Family.
"Hurry, hurry. This way."
As Shirone was dragged away by Uorin, Zion sneered, but in reality, his
situation wasn't all that different from Shirone's.
Seeing Zion silently follow his sister after she mentioned she had
something to do was another sign of his circumstances.
Uorin sat Shirone at the table and brought a small box.
It had a shabby square wooden frame with a concave hemispherical
interior structure. In the center was a worn-out arrow-shaped pointer, which seemed to be a roulette
that could be flicked and spun with a finger.
"This is an Objet called <Daily Gift>. It leaves a gift once
a day."
Although it was explained in simple terms that even a child could
understand, Shirone felt as if something essential was missing, like a sentence without its subject or
object.
"Huhu, strange, isn't it? At first, everyone feels that way. Since
Objets operate beyond the bounds of common sense, when encountering the 'Guideline,' things often don't
make sense."
"That's right. The strangest part is when you say it leaves. Who
exactly? This is just an object."
"Guideline contains two meanings. First, for something to be 'given,'
gravity is necessary. Secondly, 'giving' implies leaving but not arriving. Therefore, there needs to be
a space that can't be observed from inside or outside."
Shirone realized why the entrance here had a double structure.
There had to be a third location where no one was passing through,
neither from the inside nor the outside.
"<Gravity> and <No Observer>. If these two conditions are
met, it gives a gift once a day. If you look closely at this roulette, you'll see it's divided into four
colors, right?"
Shirone's gaze followed where Uorin pointed.
It was an old item, with the paint fading, but the different shades were
still distinguishable. The size of the areas varied, and there was writing engraved inside. It was faint
and hard to see, but it was definitely not in the Thormian language.
Uorin pointed to each of the four areas and explained.
"The letters written here are in the language used by the gypsies
of the eastern mountain region. Translated, it's Modest Fift, Pleasant Gift, Excessive Gift, and
Miracle. When measured in radians, Modest Gift takes up about 75 percent, Pleasant Gift is 20 percent,
Excessive Gift is 4 percent, and Miracle is 1 percent of the space."
"Hmm…."
The fact that Modest Gift took up 75 percent suggested that the gap
between the different levels of gifts was quite significant. The 4 percent chance for Excessive Gift was
exciting, but Shirone was even more curious about what a Miracle would be.
Since the roulette could only be spun once a day, simple math suggested
it would land on a Miracle within 100 days. However, when considering the concept of probability, it
could take much longer than that.
Shirone carefully pointed to the gauge of the roulette, as if afraid to
even touch it.
"Could I spin this arrow?"
"Yes. That's why I was waiting for Oppa to come."
"Hm? Me?"
"Give it a spin. I'll give Oppa the gift that comes
out."
Shirone blinked at the unexpected words.
Given Uorin's wealth, no matter how great the gift, she likely wouldn't
be too attached to it. However, since no one knew what would come out, it didn't seem like something one
would easily give away.
"Probability, huh..."
In any case, it was an opportunity to directly experience an
Objet.
Shirone didn't particularly desire any gift for himself, but he was
intensely curious to see what would come out.
Perhaps, that curiosity was the true value of this Objet?
The thrill that comes with imagining the gift.
In that sense, <Daily Gift> was a very well-designed entertainment
tool that understood human psychology. Unlike other forms of gambling, there was no failure.
"At the very least, a Modest Gift is guaranteed. So, can I give it a
try?"
"Of course. I do it every day anyway."
Uorin readily agreed and added an explanation.
"You just need to flick the end of the pointer with your finger. Based
on experiments, it needs to spin at least ten full rotations; otherwise, it's considered invalid. But
don't worry, it doesn't mean you lose your chance for the day if it doesn't spin enough."
"Oh-ho, I see."
Shirone's eyes sparkled with interest.
Why must it spin at least ten times? If there was no limit on the number
of rotations, you could get a Miracle just by gently pushing the gauge.
'It's really amazing. Even though it's an object, it has rules like Rule
Eater.'
At that moment, a clever idea popped into Shirone's mind.
"This, maybe it can be made to always land on a
Miracle."
Then, Uorin's eyes also sparkled like Shirone's.
The insight to analyze an object from various angles is an essential
requirement for an objet collector. In that sense, Shirone had a strong collector's temperament.
"As expected of a mage. You're suggesting adjusting your touch to spin
it exactly 3,600 degrees?"
"Exactly. Or, you could hire a professional gambler. By feeling the
sensitivity of the roulette and adjusting the force, you could always land on the same result."
"That's a great idea. But unfortunately, it's impossible. I've already
tried. It seems that when you spin the roulette, the position is determined by some kind of random
number generation."
"Hmm, so you're saying that Daily Gift is manipulating the
probabilities? Even the 1% chance of a Miracle might be a trick. If that's the case, it's not fair
gambling, is it?"
If it's a gambling Objet, at least the probability should be fair.
Otherwise, there's no need to have an interface to experiment with probability in the first
place.
Uorin felt a strong sense of kinship with Shirone.
In fact, she had made several people besides Shirone spin the roulette.
But most of them were more focused on the gift they would receive rather than being fascinated by the
nature of the Objet.
There were times when she got annoyed and left after seeing them praying
for expensive gifts in front of the roulette.
They say that an Objet collector needs two things: an interesting Object
and an audience who can appreciate its true value.
Zion occasionally found decent Objects for her, but when it came to
discernment, he was completely clueless.