Chapter 277:
Hostile Friendly Relations (6)
"Fine. If you're that curious, I'll introduce it specially to
you."
"No, I'm not really…."
Before Shirone could finish speaking, Zion extended his hand towards the
sword.
"Come, Armand."
A clear ringing of metal spread throughout the room.
The moment Shirone turned towards Armand, the sword floated up on its
own and was drawn into Zion's hand.
Shirone, who had twisted his body again along the path of the sword,
suddenly stopped moving. Before he knew it, the blade was at his throat. The cold metal hummed, sending
high-pitched vibrations to his ears.
Irritated by the sudden interruption of her hobby, Uorin
grumbled.
"Oppa! Why are you acting like this all of a sudden?"
"You stay still."
This time, even Zion wasn't willing to back down.
Glaring at Shirone, his lips curled in annoyance. The fact that he
wasn't showing any fear, even with a blade at his neck, was driving him mad.
"What's wrong? Suddenly lost for words? Afraid I'll kill
you?"
Shirone's nerves were on edge, feeling the vibration from beneath his
chin.
He had already unfolded his Spirit Zone. The nature of Armand, conveyed
through synesthesia, was truly bizarre.
Was this really a sword, or a living organism?
"Why aren't you answering? Weren't you supposed to be some genius
mage?"
It was a petty remark to make after ambushing someone.
Of course, Shirone was confident he could cast Teleportation faster than
Zion's reaction speed. But he couldn't confidently say he would be able to evade the sword flying
through the air afterward.
Zion, who took Shirone's silence as an acknowledgment of defeat, let out
a roar of laughter and withdrew his sword.
"Hahaha! Of course, you couldn't. My guess was right. Articles in
magazines are all exaggerated. You're just a student; what greatest talent could you possibly
have..."
Uorin put her hands on her waist and spoke with a sullen
expression.
"Oppa, that's too much."
Zion paid no attention and threw Armand.
The demon sword emitting a chilling light swiftly and covertly flew back
to its original place and stood upright.
Shirone belatedly realized that there had been no stand supporting the
sword from the beginning.
"Do you know why I don't kill you? Because you're not even worth it.
Even if it's not me, there are plenty of people in the royal palace who hate you. You probably felt it,
right? This morning."
Shirone couldn't make sense of Zion's words. If it was morning, he was
busy with the paternity test and there was nothing else unusual.
If he had to pick something, it would be that he couldn't contact
Reina?
But if something had happened on her end, the palace should have already
been buzzing with rumors.
"What are you talking about? What about this morning?"
This time, it was Zion who tilted his head.
Although he couldn't stand Shirone, he knew better than anyone that
Shirone was not stupid.
In the end, it meant that Reina, the legal representative, had
preemptively blocked information from reaching Shirone.
'Hmm, she's not ordinary either.'
He underestimated her because she wasn't the head of the household, but
she turned out to be a more resourceful woman than he expected. Well, that must be why she was sent by
Ogent Family.
In any case, it was clear that she didn't want last night's incident to
come to light.
He admits it was an excellent decision, despite being made by the
enemy.
"Hmph, now I see you're really a pitiful bastard. In the end, even
your allies don't trust you. You're probably the only one in the entire palace who doesn't know about
what happened last night."
Shirone spoke indignantly as if demanding an explanation.
"So I ask you, what happened!"
From what Zion was saying, it seemed like Reina knew about it. How could
she know something that he didn't?
It wasn't likely that he was deliberately kept in the dark. But what
could have prevented even Amy from sending a message?
"Forget it. I'll go ask her myself."
Shirone, realizing he wouldn't get answers from Zion, headed towards the
door. Just then, Uorin, who had been quietly listening the entire time, finally spoke up.
"Even if you go, you probably won't be able to meet her. I heard
she moved quarters last night."
Shirone paused with his hand on the doorknob and turned to look at
Uorin.
This was news to him as well. What in the world was happening around
him?
"Moved? Where to?"
"I haven't heard that either. Your legal representative added a
non-disclosure clause early in the morning. You'll probably find out if you go to the audience
chamber."
She suggested he ask the highest authority directly.
Moreover, a non-disclosure clause. It wasn't a powerful diplomatic
means, but from Reina's position as the relatively weaker party, it was a bold move.
Finally sensing that the situation was seriously wrong, Shirone left the
gallery without looking back.
@
An awkward silence flowed in the gallery after Shirone left.
Zion shot a glance at Uorin. She, either oblivious or indifferent to the
tension in the air, continued sipping her tea with complete focus. Even if an hour passed like this, she
wouldn't bat an eyelash. His sister was that kind of woman.
"You, whose side are you on?"
"What are you talking about all of a sudden? Side?"
Uorin responded with an innocent expression.
Zion eventually exploded with anger.
"Why are you being so nice to Shirone? That bastard is my enemy! An
enemy who's trying to steal the throne! You should obviously be helping me!"
Uorin felt burdened by his blatant demand.
"Why are you acting like this, Oppa? We've never had a conversation like
this before. Don't tell me you were nice to me expecting that? Just because I'm Terraje's
daughter?"
"No, that's not it…."
Zion's face flushed with embarrassment.
No one would understand how humiliating it was to hear something like
this from his own sister.
In fact, her mere presence was helpful.
Just by flaunting the title of being Uorin's older brother, any noble
would eagerly spare no effort to support him. With that overwhelming power, Zion had eliminated
countless formidable enemies over the years.
Uorin probably knew. Yet she had never brought it up even once.
That's why it was good. But who would have thought it would boomerang
back like this and stab him in the back?
'Tch! So this is how you're going to play it?'
Zion turned around with a bitter heart and blew out his breath
heavily.
Sensing that he was acting as if he would never speak to her again,
Wuorin sighed and gently patted her sulking brother's back.
"Ei, come on. I get it. Do you think I haven't thought about it? It's
just awkward for us to have this kind of conversation. The number one reason for royalty to split apart
is this. There's no one here who can threaten you anyway. What are you so afraid of?"
Zion found himself wondering the same thing.
What exactly was he afraid of?
Shirone was just a bastard with no ties or foundation. All he has to
boast about was his meager reputation in the magic society. The power of an archangel? This was a royal
palace where even archmages were swarming.
"Alright. I was being petty. I'm sorry."
Zion immediately changed his attitude. He felt better knowing that his
sister had understood his concerns.
Uorin said a few more things that Geon had always wanted to hear and
then returned to her seat.
Unlike Zion, whose mouth was stretched from ear to ear, she poured tea
as if she was tired, then sighed a long breath towards the ceiling.
'Phew, men are really.'
2. The Trap of Choosing Between Two Choices (1)
Shirone went to the administrative department to request an
audience.
Permission was granted within 10 minutes. It was such a quick process
that it felt like there had been instructions.
Upon arriving at the audience room, the royal guard opened the door.
Orkamph, who was dressed, was waiting.
"I was just about to summon you. Come this way."
Shirone sat across from Orkamph.
He was wondering where to start, but Orkamph answered before he could
even ask a question.
"Your family's quarters have been moved to the annex. I'll have
someone guide you there."
The swift explanation almost sounded like a defense.
But Shirone hadn't come all the way to see the king just to find out
where his family was staying. What Shirone wanted to know was even more crucial.
"What exactly is it that I don't know?"
Orkamph let out a sigh.
Being king meant there was nowhere to hide. Reina might have been able
to escape difficult questions, but he couldn't.
"From last evening until dawn, there were five assassination attempts.
Three poisonings and two by assassins. Lethal doses of poison were found in the food meant for your
family. In the early hours, assassins were caught entering the royal quarter at one-hour intervals. We
couldn't investigate the mastermind because they committed suicide, but it is a well-known fact that
they were after you."
Shirone felt as though he had been struck on the head with a
hammer.
Assassinations are carried out by people, yet the sheer unpredictability
of it made it feel like a natural disaster.
"Why would someone try to kill us?"
"What do you mean? Did you really think nothing would happen?"
To be honest... he did.
Of course, it wasn't that he had let his guard down. But being convinced
that enemies would take action within 2 days of arriving at the palace was a completely different
matter.
"I don't understand. Assassinating a candidate for the first prince is a
serious crime. If the mastermind is revealed, it would be more than enough to destroy their family. Does
it make sense to resolve such a grave matter in just 2 days?"
"Do you think they're foolish? No, Shirone. On the contrary, this
is a very logical and clever move. They're exploiting a blind spot in your thinking."
"Blind spot... in thinking?"
"Assassins are divided into two types: assassins and hitmen. There's a
saying among traditional assassins: 'It's not the person that kills, but the situation.' You can dodge a
blade, but you can't escape a situation. If they had to kill you, last night was the perfect
opportunity."
Shirone corrected his error in his line of thought.
It wasn't that he had forgotten the danger of assassination. But on the
other hand, he couldn't deny that he also thought, 'Surely not now?'
"An assassin's skill doesn't lie in wielding a blade but in creating the
situation. That's why, in a royal palace, a single assassin is far more terrifying than a hundred
guards. They pierce the blind spot in your thinking. Once you're caught, you have no choice but to offer
your neck even while knowing."
Orkamph was right.
Why had he felt at ease?
No, it wasn't a mere oversight. You can't go through life scrutinizing
every part of your thinking. Even if you corrected one thought, they would have found another blind spot
and infiltrated.
"Shirone, stop trying to analyze everything with your head. This
palace is filled with predators. No matter how great the price of failure is, no coward here would miss
their chance to act out of fear."
Orkamph rose from his seat and walked over to his desk. As he poured
strong liquor into a crystal glass, he said,
"Reina made the right judgment. Anyway, in 3 days you can become
the official successor. There's no point in engaging in a mud fight, it'll only be a loss for us. So you
too, pretend you don't know."
Shirone clenched his fist.
He acknowledged that Reina's judgment was correct, but his parents could
have died in that situation.
"Are you telling me to just take it? We could use this as an
opportunity to strike back."
Orkamph gave a bitter smile.
"Then let me ask you. Who do you think is behind this?"
"Of course, Terraje Faction…."
Shirone stopped mid-sentence.
Was it really only Terraje Faction targeting him? That was also a blind
spot in his thinking that he had not considered until now.
"…I don't know."
"That's right, you don't know. It is no exaggeration to say that
changing the first prince candidate is a matter that moves all the interests of the kingdom. Even those
outside Terraje Faction would have plenty of reasons to eliminate you."
Shirone tried to narrow down the suspects.
The faces of numerous people flashed by. Even Orkamph….
"Does everyone want me to die?"
Orkamph returned to his seat, holding his crystal glass.
"If it's Terraje Faction behind this, it's likely a warning. If
it's Neutral Faction, then they're testing the waters. They want an accurate source to know what kind of
person you are."
"A warning? It was a lethal dose of poison. If we had ingested it,
we would have died. Even Amy, who came along without any fault, almost died."
Orkamph gulped down the strong liquor. Shirone was overly agitated, but
perhaps that was normal.
For the average person, assassination was a concept too distant to
grasp. One might be robbed or hit by a carriage, but living each day knowing that a professional killer
is targeting you? It would drive anyone insane in less than a month.
Such was the life Orkamph had lived. He lived his whole life cohabiting
with assassins, eating, going to the bathroom, and even having children. Being able to forget it all
with a sip of strong liquor—he realized, perhaps he was the abnormal one.