Chapter 280:
The Trap of Choosing Between Two Choices (4)
Throughout his life, Shirone had never judged others based on what they
possessed. The inertia of those 18 years made the alarm of doubt ring in his mind.
Only then did he feel like his head was starting to work.
This was a trap of a false dilemma. It was a battle where no matter what
he chose, Zion would win.
The reason the logic of a false dilemma is scary is that it preemptively
cuts off possibilities other than the given choices. They present something bad and something worse,
inducing you to choose the bad option to make you feel like you gained something, but in reality you are
being played by the enemy.
Shirone realized that he had misunderstood what Uorin was trying to
say.
No one gives away even a single gold coin without reason. In other
words, no one will help those who give up.
It was a delusion to think that if he begged with a pitiful face,
Terraje Faction would spare him.
The palace is a den of predators. Show weakness, and they'll strip the
flesh from your bones.
That was what Uorin had been trying to convey.
If you want to live, growl. Bare your teeth and growl. Wield your claws
so that no one thinks you're easy prey.
The moment you stop fighting, every beast in the royal palace will
pounce on you to devour you.
"Huuuuu!"
Shirone finally exhaled.
He didn't know how long he had been holding his breath, but the air kept
coming out endlessly, as if even the stray thoughts cluttering his mind were being expelled.
As his mind cleared, the target became clear.
Shirone assumed the proper stance, preparing to cast his magic. But the
nobles continued to sneer.
In their minds, if Shirone had any sense, he would have deployed a fast
and flashy technique by now.
The experts can judge magical skills, and what they wanted to verify was
Shirone's will. With such a lukewarm approach, no noble would be convinced.
But Shirone didn't care.
He would become a fierce beast.
With that thought, he focused his mind, and a Photon Cannon burst into
existence before him.
Shirone compressed the photons endlessly. The ball of light contracted
and expanded, trembling violently with intensity.
Amy, noticing that the casting of Photon Cannon was taking far longer
than usual, felt a chill down her spine.
In the Heaven's Trial duel, even in a near-exhausted state, it had
enough power to shut down the system.  She couldn't even imagine what would happen if the strongest
Photon Cannon passed through Ataraxia.
'Not enough. This still won't quench my anger!'
Shirone continued to compress the sphere of light.
From the beginning, there had been no true allies or enemies here.
Whether it was Terraje Faction or Orkamph Faction, they all simply intended to use him for their own
purposes.
'More... more!'
Tears welled up in my eyes. Memories from the past three days came
flooding back to him all at once.
As he recalled his mother's frightened appearance, his Photon Cannon
compressed rapidly and transformed into a state of blinding white light that could no longer contain the
photons. Photon Cannon, now the size of a human head, trembled violently, as if it would burst from its
center.
Amy jumped to her feet. It was too extreme, and the unpredictability
made it dangerous.
But before she could shout at Shirone, the Photon Cannon penetrated
Ataraxia. Having already experienced it in Heaven's Trial, she tightly closed her eyes and twisted her
body.
Flash!
A huge tunnel of light appeared in front of Shirone, pushing away
everything in its path. Even the atmosphere.
A deafening explosion followed, leaving everyone's eardrums ringing,
while the intense light erased vision momentarily.
For a time, everything was dark.
As the eyes adapted to the scenery, the world that was revealed was
completely different from a second ago. Not only the inner walls of the Colosseum but even the distant
ridges of the surrounding hills had disappeared, reduced to dust, with the particles now floating above
the ground like a massive cloud of smoke.
When the wind began to disperse the dust, the path left by the Photon
Cannon became clear. A flat plain, wide enough for dozens of carriages to pass through, stretched
endlessly to the horizon.
The nobles were surrounded by high-ranking mages. The mages were casting
strong localized barriers with grim expressions, while the knights guarded the perimeter. Had Shirone
shown any suspicious signs, the knights would have stormed into the Colosseum.
"What insolence! What is the meaning of this?!"
A fat noble slammed his chair and stood up, furious. The other nobles
were just as shaken.
What would have happened if the magic had been directed toward the
audience?
If Shirone had turned in that direction, the knights would have beheaded
him instantly, but that would have been within the rules. In fact, didn't they also let their guard
down, thinking that a student was demonstrating magic?
The fat noble hurled insults at Shirone. But at the words of a noble
next to him who looked like a wolf, he quickly shut his mouth and sat down.
This event had already been approved by Orkamph. To oppose it now would
be no different from exposing their true loyalties.
"That, that bastard..."
Zion trembled with anger.
It was not only that Shirone had chewed up his proposal like a dog
chewing gum, but the terrifying power of magic had shattered his pride.
Does it even make sense for a human to push away a mountain?
No, even if it's possible, it's at the level of an archmage.
The fact that a mere aspiring mage could wield such powers spoke volumes
about how unfair the human world was.
Zion, who had always refused to be equal with anyone, now felt a
jealousy so strong he could hardly bear it.
Such overwhelming power should only belong to royalty. If a mere bastard
with no power, wealth, or status was allowed to possess such strength, how could the kingdom possibly
manage to endure?
"I heard your answer clearly, Shirone. I'll be watching
you!"
Zion shouted loud enough for everyone to hear and stormed toward the
exit. A large group of nobles followed him out.
It was likely the Terraje Faction, but Shirone didn't care. He was just
trying to hold on to his consciousness that was reeling from the aftereffects of casting the full-power
Photon Cannon.
This was the first time he hadn't collapsed after casting Ataraxia. It
was thanks to his increased endurance, but it was also a testament to how fiercely he had willed himself
to stay standing.
Shirone turned his head with an intense gaze. Uorin was still in her
seat. But her only reaction was slightly raising her eyebrows and lifting the corners of her mouth as if
mocking.
Rising from her seat, she whispered something to her cat and left the
Colosseum without hesitation.
Late Night Ball (1)
Orkamph's steps were quicker than usual.
He was not one to get easily excited, but this time he found it hard to
control his emotions.
Only after pushing open the door to the study and gulping down the water
on the desk could he calm his mind.
Ataraxia.
It was a truly catastrophic magic. No, was this really such a new
revelation?
What he saw was the power of the archangel, the supreme commander of
Heaven. And it was said that there were seven more archangels of equal strength in Heaven.
Suddenly, a wave of doubt washed over him.
Would Valkyrie alone really be enough to oppose them?
'Enough. Let's not look too far ahead. Anyway, it's a good thing for
me.'
If only they could replicate Ataraxia, then joining the 'Crusade', the
supreme national gathering of Valkyrie, would not be a dream.
The 12 most powerful monarchs in the world.
Although the position of the 'Three Emperors', to which Empress Terraje
belongs, was unreasonable, the 'Seven Kings' below that is sufficiently worth considering.
If that happens, even Terraje will have no choice but to recognize
Kazra's independence.
What would it feel like to freely handle the world's economy, culture,
society, life, knowledge, and art? Orkamph was already imagining such things.
"How is it?"
As Orkamph asked, Arius appeared from a corner of the study.
Such an entrance would normally be displeasing from a monatch's
perspective, but Arius had an odd stubbornness in him.
However, unlike before, today he wasn't being particularly theatrical.
His face was as flushed as Orkamph's.
"It was certainly amazing. Ataraxia, a wonderful
ability."
"That's not what I'm asking. Can we replicate it now?"
"It's impossible."
Orkamph thought he had misheard. But no, his ears were fine.
Suppressing his rising anger was no easy task.
He had done whatever Arius asked for until now. He even pushed for a
demonstration while stabbing his son's heart.
"What do you mean it can't be done? Is it another capsulization
issue?"
"That's one primary reason, yes. But even if we broke the capsulization,
it wouldn't make a difference. Ataraxia is a power that transcends human understanding. In other words,
even Shirone himself doesn't fully comprehend it."
"Does that make sense? I clearly saw with my own two eyes Shirone
casting Ataraxia. Then are you saying Shirone is not human?"
"In a sense, yes. Something non-human resides within his human
body. Shirone doesn't understand and cast Ataraxia either. Perhaps this explanation will make more
sense: it simply works."
Orkamph's eyes grew cold.
"Speak clearly. You must convince me with your answer this time."
Feeling the murderous intent, Arius finally dropped his smirk.
"The most likely scenario is that Ataraxia is engraved deep within
Shirone's subconscious. Perhaps it's close to instinct? If that's the case, it's not surprising that he
can wield the power without understanding the principle. After all, we don't need to understand how to
breathe in order to breathe."
"Instinct. Then can't we extract it from there?"
"Well, instincts are part of what we call primal consciousness, governed
at a genetic level. No matter how skilled a grave robber I am, diving into that depth is impossible. Or
rather, it's possible to dive in, but I would be crushed by Shirone's subconscious before I could
retrieve anything."
Orkamph slammed the desk.
All he had heard so far was that it couldn't be done. And now Arius was
saying he wouldn't even attempt it for fear of losing his life.
"Do you think I hired you to hear that kind of nonsense? If we
don't obtain Ataraxia, then…!"
"There is one way."
Orkamph changed his expression as if nothing had happened.
Of course, the Seven Sins of the Black Line wouldn't have blabbed about
his incompetence without having a solution in mind.
"I apologize for not mentioning it sooner. But this method could be
quite... difficult. It will require you, Your Majesty, to make a significant commitment."
"I am always ready for whatever it takes. What is this
method?"
Arius looked around and whispered in his ear. Normally, he didn't care
whether Eliza was eavesdropping or not, but this time, it was better to be cautious.
"W- What did you say?"
Orkamph raised his eyes in shock. On the other hand, Arius' eyes
narrowed like a snake's.
When he smiled, it was hard to notice, but with his expression gone, his
face resembled that of a venomous snake.
"It's the only way."
Orkamph leaned on the desk with trembling hands.
"That, that can't be. Do you know what that means?"
"Of course. But if we use this method, we can definitely obtain
Ataraxia."
Orkamph exhaled heavily.
Obtaining Ataraxia. Possessing an ability designated as triple S in
Valkyrie.
Kazra's independence. Seven Kings. Various thoughts flashed through his
mind.
"But… Is it really necessary to go that far?"
"Your Majesty, I've said this many times, but we don't have time.
It's time for a quick decision."
Orkamph shook his head.
He needed time. Even if they went through with it, how could he handle
the aftermath that would come rushing in? He would need countermeasures in place for that.
"Just give me a little, a little time to think."
Arius' face distorted hideously for a moment. But when Orkamph raised
his head, he returned to a smiling face as if nothing had happened.
"Of course, this is a matter that requires time. I understand. Call
for me once you're certain."
Arius paid his respects and left the study.
Walking quickly down the corridor, he leaned against the wall where no
one was and spat out curses.
"Tsk, stupid bastard. Pathetic fool. Indecisive shit."
Of course, Orkamph's reaction was normal. After finding his bloodline
after 18 years, he called him and made him endure all kinds of humiliation and insults, and now he's
trying to take away the most precious thing.
But a king's ruthlessness should know no limits. Judging that this was
acceptable but that isn't, having such barriers to judgment means that the vessel is small.
If you start to hesitate, you can't have anything. Even if you follow
the suggestion later, the pangs of conscience will disturb your mind. Such people will ruin everything
someday.
'What a disappointment, Orkamph. I thought you were a cold-hearted
monarch, but you're no different from a common noble.'