Chapter 284:
Late Night Banquet (5)
"It looks like it'll be a quiet day today. But we still shouldn't let
our guard down."
Shirone responded with a smile.
She wasn't doing this simply to dig up high-level information. He was
grateful for Reina's efforts to reassure her.
"I'm sorry about earlier today. I must have been on edge."
"Hoho, it's okay. Don't worry too much. I'll do my best to protect
you. By the way, relax a bit. If you stay so tense, you might trip."
As Shirone relaxed his body, the two moved with graceful and fluid dance
steps, like flowing water.
They were the most beautiful couple in the ballroom.
"Haha! What a perfect match they make. How can Shirone-nim be so
beautiful? It must be thanks to inheriting His Majesty's bloodline."
"And what about his partner? I hear she's a famous musician from the
Kingdom of Thormia. She has such a lovely presence; just seeing her brightens your mood."
Amy was standing alongside the noble ladies having this conversation.
Even to her eyes, they were clearly different from other couples.
'Why is it taking so long?'
Checking the time, Amy realized it was going much longer than initially
planned. She wondered if some new information had come up, but at that moment, someone
approached.
Startled, Amy noticed it was Zion, and she quickly gave a respectful
bow.
"Good evening, Your Highness."
"Yes, are you enjoying the banquet?"
"Yes. Everything is to my liking."
Zion smiled with satisfaction. Having spent the evening dealing with
Sirone, who treated him with little respect, the contrast of Amy's flustered attitude made him finally
feel like a prince.
"How about it? May I request you as a partner for a
moment?"
Amy stared at Zion's outstretched hand.
According to etiquette, the only way to refuse a partner request was to
already have a partner.
But since Shirone was dancing with Reina, Amy had no excuse to decline.
Clearly, Zion had planned this approach with that in mind.
"Yes, it would be an honor."
Amy took Zion's hand and entered the ballroom.
Although it was her first time with the traditional Kazra dance, with
her exceptional dancing skills and Red Eyes abilities, she could match Zion's rhythm without much
difficulty.
The gazes of the nobles now shifted to Zion and Amy.
They were met with a flood of admiration, rivaling that of Shirone and
Reina. Lovely. Beautiful. Noble. And so on.
Amy's face flushed hot. Is this what it feels like to become a
princess?
But the excitement quickly faded.
She had never once wanted to become a princess. Every day, her thoughts
were solely focused on becoming the greatest mage in the world.
'Surprisingly innocent. That's unexpected?'
Seeing Amy being shy, Zion thought he had already crossed seven-tenths
of the way. With his experience of stirring romantic affairs among noblewomen since he was 12, he knew
exactly what words would captivate someone at a time like this.
"You're beautiful."
Amy felt as if she had been ambushed.
Is this kid out of his mind? She wanted to scream out of
embarrassment.
But she couldn't show given the setting she was in.
As she continued dancing while boiling with emotion inside, her gaze
collided head-on with Shirone approaching from the opposite side.
It was truly a fleeting moment.
Shirone seemed surprised. Even in that brief instant, his eyes conveyed
a question.
Amy quickly averted her gaze.
She didn't know why, but she was afraid to meet Shirone's eyes.
She regretted it afterward, realizing she shouldn't have done that, but
by then, the distance between them had grown.
As her mind became complicated and her steps began to tangle, Zion
smiled. He seemed to think she was nervous because she was in his arms.
"Be comfortable. As long as you're with me, no one can look down on
you."
Zion liked Amy. She felt different from the spoiled nobles. Finding her
adorable, he pulled her closer by the waist, causing Amy to stop dancing abruptly.
It was the result of her body reacting before she could think.
Naturally, the nobles' attention was focused on them.
Amy, her face flushed, scrambled to come up with a way out.
"Oh, I'm a little tired. It was fun."
Acting as if she had intended to stop from the beginning, she politely
excused herself and turned away, but a flash of malice glinted in Zion's eyes. Grabbing Amy's wrist, he
whispered in a low voice.
"I've taken custody of Vincent and Olena."
Amy quickly scanned the crowd with shocked eyes. She was trying to find
Shirone's location.
Zion continued his threat in a menacing voice.
"It's not good to cause a scene. Don't tell anyone and quietly
follow me. If you do, Sirone's parents will be released safely."
Amy turned her gaze back and forced a calm expression. The biggest issue
was that she couldn't determine whether he was telling the truth.
Reina's attendants were supposed to check in every hour, and the last
report came in 32 minutes ago.
Would something have happened in those 32 minutes? Or was that enough
time for something to have happened?
Amy followed Zion, acting as if nothing had happened.
Whatever intention he had in plotting this, she knew she wasn't the core
of it.
In any case, in 28 minutes, Reina would act. If she could hold out until
then, the crisis might turn into an opportunity.
'Of course, I have to survive first.'
As the two held hands and left, the nobles finally dispelled their
doubts. It wasn't an uncommon sight for young men and women to slip out of the hall when passions
flared.
Zion, dragging Amy along, was seething inside.
The strategy of using Shirone's parents was Plan B proposed by Arius. He
had boasted that he could make any woman fall for him, so his pride was more than a little hurt.
'Fine. Anyway, it's enough if I just pull her out. I've done my part,
Arius.'
Once Amy was out of the picture, Sirone would be isolated. Reina would
have to manage the overall affairs of the royal palace, so she wouldn't be able to focus solely on
Shirone. Even if she did eventually realize what was happening and acted, by then, Shirone's head would
already be rolling on the ground.
'Kekekeke, farewell, Shirone.'
@
Reina looked at Sirone, who suddenly stopped dancing, with a puzzled
expression. It seemed like she didn't even realize that her legs had stopped moving.
"Shirone, what's wrong? What happened?"
"Oh, that's... Amy went somewhere with Zion."
Reina quickly scanned the room. Just as Sirone had said, the two of them
were nowhere to be seen.
According to her investigation, Zion wasn't the type to pursue women.
However, he doesn't hate women like most boys his age, so there were quite a few women who spent the
night with him.
Thinking simply, he might have taken an interest in Amy.
Amy was a girl beautiful enough to charm even royalty, and with Zion's
personality, he wouldn't hesitate even if she was Shirone's friend.
The problem was Amy. What on earth did she hear to follow Zion?
Reina looked at Shirone. He was pretending to be calm, but his gaze was
fixed on the door.
She smiled bitterly and nudged Sirone's back. If he was going to go no
matter who tried to stop him, it was better to send him off right away.
"Go ahead. You can just go ask Amy, right?"
"Is that really okay?"
"What are you saying? You're friends. Go quickly. I'll take care of
things here."
"Then... I'll be back."
Shirone hesitated for a moment before turning around. But after that, he
didn't look back and left the ballroom in a hurry.
Reina rested her hands on her hips and exhaled.
'Have I made things too difficult by getting in the middle? Haaa, how am
I supposed to fix this personality?'
But now wasn't the time to dwell on her feelings.
The reason she sent Shirone first was because it would soon be time for
the attendant to come. Amy was important, but she couldn't neglect the vigilance on his parents' side
either.
'Huh? His parents?'
The moment she thought that far, one idea occurred to her.
Amy wasn't the type to fall for Zion's tricks. So what could have made
her follow him without saying a word?
'Could it be?'
Reina stomped the floor.
This wasn't the time to wait for the attendant. No, if they had made a
move on the other side, it was more likely the attendant wouldn't come. After checking the time, she
dashed toward the residence where Vincent and Olena were staying.
Terraje's Proposal (1)
Shirone ran to the royal quarter.
He had followed Zion as quickly as possible, but they had already
disappeared. His first thought was to go to Zion's room.
'Why on earth did Amy follow Zion?'
There must have been a valid reason, but whatever it was, it didn't sit
well with him. A strange feeling kept rising inside him, making it hard for his thoughts to connect as
quickly as usual.
Arriving at Zion's room, Shirone unconsciously hesitated just as he was
about to turn the doorknob.
An unpleasant thought came to him. He recalled the image of Amy dancing
with Zion.
Why had she avoided his gaze? If she had a special reason, she should
have signaled him. That's the Amy he knew.
'Am I… doing something unnecessary?'
What if it wasn't what he thought? Or worse, what if it was?
Shirone hurriedly shook his head.
Amy isn't someone who would act rashly before a big event. Such thoughts
were rather insulting to her.
Sirone steadied himself and opened the door.
The room, brightly lit, was empty of any noticeable presence. But there
was someone there. He could see Uorin moving toward the table.
"Uorin? Why are you here...?"
Uorin leisurely sat down on a chair. Looking at her stroking the cat
sitting on her lap, it was as if she didn't even realize someone had entered.
But now Shirone realized that visible actions weren't important.
"Uorin. Where is Zion now...?"
"Sit down."
Uorin interrupted him and offered him a seat. Her voice carried a weight
of authority, unlike her usual tone.
Swallowing nervously, Shirone sat down across from her.
"Why are you in Zion's room? I didn't see you in the banquet
hall."
"I thought Oppa might come. So I waited."
It was as Shirone expected. She knew what was happening in the royal
palace right now.
"Where is Zion?"
"Well, somewhere, I guess."
Uorin looked away as if uninterested.
Shirone felt frustrated. But he didn't do the foolish thing of rushing
her.
He had already made his intentions clear at the demonstration. All that
remained was her choice.
As the silence grew longer, Uorin spoke first.
"Why did you do that?"
Shirone glared at her intensely.
It didn't make sense to say she didn't know. Therefore, even this
question wasn't the core issue.
"Why did you release all your power? That was no different from
declaring war on Terraje Faction. Oppa Zion is furious because of it."
"If I did it half-heartedly, you wouldn't have helped me."
Uorin made a puzzled expression, but Shirone wasn't fooled by the mask.
That too was something Uorin had taught him.
"You're different from Zion. You're the heir to the Empress.
Kazra's political situation is just a part of you who dreams of becoming Emperor."
"Is that so? Well, everyone is eager to cling to my power. Even Oppa
Sirone is no different."
"Perhaps. But the Ataraxia must mean something different to you,
too."
For the first time, a hint of interest flickered in Uorin's eyes.
"What makes me different?"
"The Emperor of Kashan Empire is the leader of the Valkyries. And
Ataraxia is considered the ability of the highest archangel even among Valkyries. Then it should be
worth make use of for you too."
Uorin nodded readily. If Shirone's Ataraxia hadn't left such a strong
impression today, she wouldn't have had any reason to help him.
"That's right. After seeing your ability, I've changed my
perspective a bit. Ataraxia would be a great help in securing my path to the throne."
"So help me. If you want, I'll be on your side after graduating from the
magic academy. So please don't touch my family and friends."
Uorin chuckled softly.
"A bit naive, aren't you?"
"What?"
"How many archmages do you think submit their resumes to me in a
year? If you thought I'd cling to you just for Ataraxia, you're mistaken. I don't underestimate your
talent, but you're still just a student, aren't you?"