Chapter 286:
Terraje's Proposal (3)
'Quick, quick!'
Reina ran at full speed toward the annex.
If Teraje Faction had made a move against Shirone's parents, the
situation would become serious. On the other hand, she felt guilty. She should have been a little more
careful.
'No, this was the best we could do. We strengthened all the security
measures...'
That would mean the enemy acted without regard for the consequences. The
thought crossed her mind that perhaps all the attendants had been wiped out.
The puzzling part was why now, of all times.
The timing of sending assassins on the first day had been
perfect.
But now they were fully prepared on this side. In a situation where
getting caught would reverse the tide, there was no reason to employ a high-risk, low-return
approach.
Entering the annex, Reina turned toward Vincent's quarters. At the same
time, she bumped into an attendant from Ogent Family around the corner.
"Ah! Miss Reina!"
Reina pushed past the attendant and ran to the room.
"Move! What happened?"
As she opened the door and entered, Vincent and Olena looked at her with
puzzled expressions. It didn't seem like there had been any commotion.
Vincent was in the middle of carving a piece of wood, and beside him,
Olena was drinking cocoa wrapped in a blanket.
"Lady Reina, is something wrong? You don't look well."
"Ah, well..."
Reina was lost for words at Vincent's question.
The two were safe. Then why had Amy followed Zion?
The attendant, who had hurried back into the room with a flushed face,
asked in confusion.
"Miss, what on earth is the matter? Why are you suddenly rushing
here?"
Reina quickly recovered her composure.
"Oh, um... I just wanted to check in and make sure everything was okay,
so I came by for a routine patrol."
The attendant heaved a sigh of relief.
"Phew, I thought something serious had happened. I was just about
to go report. Everything is fine here."
Olina asked with a concerned expression.
"Is something wrong? What about Shirone?"
As expected, a mother's instinct about her child was sharp. Reina
swallowed hard and hastily made up an explanation.
"He's still at the banquet hall. Don't worry, he's having a good
time with Amy."
At the mention of Amy, Olena seemed to relax. If something had happened
to Shirone, she would surely have come running by now.
"I see. Don't worry. We're doing just fine here."
"Hoho! Yes, well then, rest comfortably. I'll return soon."
Forcing a smile, Reina left the room and immediately headed in the
opposite direction.
Shirone's parents were safe. But Amy would have had no way to confirm
that fact. That meant she must have been threatened. But why Amy?
Reina suddenly stopped walking and spoke aloud.
"Shirone."
It was the worst-case scenario.
The fact that no particular danger was detected in the banquet hall was
the effect of the Ataraxia demonstration, meaning that most Neutral Faction had become favorable to
Orkamph.
But that had caused Zion to draw his real sword. No matter how much she
thought about it, there was only one reason why he separated Amy—even lying about something that would
be discovered right away.
He intended to end it tonight.
'I thought things would pass smoothly, but for Zion to take action
himself. That's why no intel came through.'
There was no time to waste. Since the attendant had just left Vincent's
quarter, it had been over 20 minutes since she had last seen Shirone.
Reina unfolded Sound of Silence, a Schema Ear technique. With her
hearing enhanced, she began to pick up even the smallest sounds in the royal palace.
It was too late to try following Shirone's trail now. Wherever high
decibels were heard, that would be the center of the incident.
@
Amy followed Zion into the underground gallery.
Whether the palace underground was originally quiet or Zion had taken
care of it beforehand, not even an ant was passing by.
On reflection, it made sense. The banquet was going late into the night,
so the attendants who weren't on duty were likely asleep.
Amy thought this was rather fortunate.
Zion may be royalty, but his actual fighting power was at the level of
nobles his age. Having received elite magical training from a young age, Amy felt confident she could
overpower him if the opportunity arose.
Therefore, this silence worked to her advantage. She could beat Zion
without worrying about others' eyes.
'If possible, even killing him...'
It was unsettling to think about hurting someone, but with Shirone's
parents being held captive, that hesitation was a luxury she couldn't afford.
With a gentlemanly smile, Zion led Amy deeper into the gallery's cavern.
Amy noticed that the door was double-layered and had the same thought as Shirone would have.
'If I need to break through the doors, I should save at least two
magics.'
But even that concern faded when she saw the peaceful atmosphere of the
gallery.
It was a room filled with all sorts of items.
She didn't know what they were used for, but at least they weren't the
kind of tools meant for torture or harm.
Amy examined the northern display case, which was the only part that
could be used as a weapon.
Only an expert would know how well the blade was sharpened, but the
sword reflected in her eyes emanated sharpness on its own.
"Where are Shirone's parents?"
Zion raised the corner of his mouth playfully and said,
"Parents? Well, why would I know about that?"
Amy's gaze grew icy.
"You deceived me?"
Zion checked the time. The next hour was the window for assassination.
The reason they hadn't set a definite assassination time was that they had planned the strategy with
minimal personnel.
Some flexibility in the situation was inevitable, but on the other hand,
it had the advantage of being able to respond flexibly to variables.
'One hour....'
Suddenly, he felt a tinge of regret. Amy was truly a fine woman.
Wouldn't an hour with such beauty feel like a fleeting moment?
Regardless, while he wasted time here, Zenogre and Arius would finish
their task. All he had to do was wait and collect the Ataraxia that would roll into his lap.
"I apologize for lying. But I believe you'll understand. A little
harmless deception is necessary when trying to charm a beautiful woman, don't you think?"
Amy didn't want to hear it. Thinking she could be somewhat rude since he
had deceived her first, she shot back:
"I'll be leaving. I'll decline such invitations from now
on."
"Oh? I wonder if you can say that after seeing this?"
When Zion opened his fist, a necklace with a yellow cross pendant
dangled down. The precision of the craftsmanship alone made it clear that it was a valuable item.
But Amy snorted.
She didn't know how many had fallen for such tricks, but Carmis Family
was also a renowned house in Thormia Kingdom.
Even if he offered her a diamond, she was confident she wouldn't bat an
eye.
"What are you doing right now? Do you really think this would win
my favor?"
Zion smirked as if he had expected such a reaction and moved
closer.
"Something like this? Why don't you look more
closely?"
Amy shot him a glare and inspected the pendant.
There was no way royalty would carry anything made from alloy, so it was
certainly pure gold. A quick look suggested that about 500 gold coins would need to be melted down to
produce this size.
A pearl was set in the center, but unusually, it had a metallic iron
color.
It was far from the beautiful luster of natural pearls.
Though the form was perfect, it was clearly not something a woman would
wear for aesthetics.
'What is this? What's so special about it…?'
Amy suddenly realized.
She remembered reading about it in a book. A pearl with a dark iron
color. It was a pearl from the Heavenly Emperor Clam that lived in the Alcantra deep sea.
According to geologists, the Alcantara Trench was the deepest part of
the ocean in the world.
Because not a speck of light enters and the water pressure is enormous,
fishermen can't harvest them, and only national projects involving mages can access it.
The durability of the clams that survive that pressure was said to
create chemical substances harder than diamonds.
In other words, it was one of the hardest substances in the
world.
Moreover, its flawless spherical shape made it highly versatile for
industrial use.
Of course, not many people would buy such things with money, but from
what she read in books, Heavenly Emperor Clam pearls could replace the ball bearings of ancient weapons,
so they were worth at least 200 million each.
As such, these pearls were sometimes used as currency in large
transactions between kingdoms, where transporting vast amounts of gold coins was impractical.
'So this is a Heavenly Emperor Clam pearl...'
The reason ancient weapons from prehistory still exist today is believed
to be that they were made from the hardest stone in Heavens.
However, no matter how advanced an ancient weapon was, its moving parts
would eventually wear down. To replace those parts, they needed durability at least equal to Heavenly
Emperor Clam pearls.
One ball bearing alone was worth 200 million gold.
One could guess how much budget kingdoms were pouring into maintaining
ancient weapons' functions.
'Hmph. So that's what this is about.'
Zion assumed her silence was due to her inner conflict.
How could she not be? What he had offered wasn't merely a jewel but
currency traded between nations.
"As expected, you have refinement. Most nobles exchange diamonds as
their marriage vows, symbolizing an unbreakable love. But this, this is Heavenly Emperor Clam's pearl,
far harder than any diamond. Only direct royal lineage could use it as a betrothal gift. So, how about
it? Shall we promise our future with this?"
Zion prepared to put the necklace on her, flashing a greasy
smile.
Of course, he didn't tempt just any woman with Heavenly Emperor Clam
pearls. Even for a truly fine woman, readily giving away 200 million gold would be madness.
But right now, he doesn't mind giving away not just 200 million gold but
all the Objets in this room.
Because once Shirone dies, it would be over for Amy anyway.
"From the moment I first saw you, I was captivated. Will you accept my
heart?"
Finally, Zion delivered his heartfelt confession. Amy stared blankly at
him.
For the blood of Teraje and the first prince of Kazra Kingdom to propose
with a Heavenly Emperor Clam's pearl—this would be the dream scenario countless noblewomen had
fantasized about. Thus, Amy wondered if she was abnormal for feeling so unmoved.
But she truly felt indifferent. The first thought that came to her mind
upon hearing Zion's confession was that she should return to Shirone now.
"I'm sorry. While I'm grateful for Your Highness's favor, I cannot
accept such a burdensome gift."
Zion wore a dumbfounded expression.
This was the first woman to remain so composed even after seeing a
Heavenly Emperor Clam pearl. No matter how noble, it was a situation where 200 million was rolling in at
once. Even if uninterested in him, most would normally grab the extended hand.
Thinking he couldn't hold Amy here like this, Zion decided to present a
card that would surely enchant her, since he was already making empty promises.
"Then how about this? I'll let you bear my child. You could become
royalty."
Amy was dumbfounded.
'This wet-behind-the-ears kid...'
Though nobles had political marriages, royalty took it one step further.
They acted as if their blood was of some extraordinary value.
Well, maybe it was. Even now, women lined up wanting to bear
princes.
But Amy had no desire to become royalty. So Zion's words felt nothing
short of an insult.
"I'll be leaving. I don't think we have anything more to discuss,
Your Highness."
Amy walked to the door without waiting for a response.
"Why you……!"
Zion, wounded in his pride, yanked her wrist forcefully. Amy hurriedly
shook off his hand and stepped back. Her wrist stung from how hard he had gripped it.
'How disgraceful for a prince of a kingdom to act like this.'
Amy glared at Zion while caressing her wrist.
"What do you think you're doing?"
Her voice was filled with emotion, but it was Zion who was truly
furious.
"How dare you reject me? You, just a mere noble!"
Amy felt like she had heard a novel insult.
Even Thormia's royalty deferred to Carmis Family. But such thoughts
rather made Amy more realistic. After all, standing here was not just any royalty but a son of
Teraje.