Chapter 288:
Terraje's Proposal (5)
'Right, it was like that back then too. Because I was late after meeting
Marsha Noona...'
Then it suddenly dawned to him that maybe Amy might be feeling hurt by
him. Had his dancing with Reina Noona slighted her?
Looking back at it now, he wondered if perhaps even when she went to
Falkoa knowing it was a trap hadn't been completely unrelated to such feelings.
'No. I'm overanalyzing. Dancing with Reina Noona was already part of the
plan. Amy wouldn't be like that.'
But even as he told himself that, he couldn't be entirely sure.
The reason was simple. When he saw Amy dancing with Zion, he felt a
strange and unpleasant ripple deep inside himself.
Wouldn't Amy be no different?
If she had felt that same, she might've followed Zion outside on the
slightest impulse.
Because Amy is such a delicate girl.
Shirone's footsteps quickened. Though he racked his brain to control his
emotions, his heartbeat only grew faster.
"Hm?"
Shirone abruptly stopped and glanced behind him.
Ever since he came down to the basement, his nape had felt eerily
creepy. But in the hallway he had walked down, there wasn't the faintest sound and any signs of life,
let alone a rat.
"Is it just me?"
Shirone stroked his neck and slowly moved forward.
'Kekeke, no good, no good.'
The man hanging upside down from the ceiling where Shirone had left
spread his mouth in a grin. It was Spatur Zenogre, who had received special orders to assassinate
Shirone.
Suspended solely by the grip of his ten fingers, he clung to the
ceiling.
The Spatur's Spider Mimicry granted him strength that defied
gravity.
Fine fibers on his fingertips and a sticky oil that seeped from his skin
worked together, generating a chemical bond strong enough to support his body weight.
Of course, his martial arts were only possible due to the assassin
training that honed his technique to perfection, allowing his upper body alone to bear the load of his
lower body.
Also, the oil seeping from his finger skin evaporates in 20 seconds when
the secretion stops, leaving no trace of his presence.
A near-perfect assassin.
Zenogre unfurled his long tongue to his chin, only to retract it
again.
'Quite a sensitive prey. Like... a mosquito.'
But this was because Zenogre had been continuously sending very faint
killing intent toward Shirone.
It was a basic tactic for an assassin—to gauge a target's reaction and
calculate the appropriate response. He could kill at any time; he was only gauging the situation to
ensure a 100 percent success rate.
'Hm, that's it.'
Assassins, after all, are those who exploit circumstances rather than
rely on brute force. Thus, it's also an occupation that involves spending long times in extreme
solitude. Because they must make their own judgments and evaluations about everything, talking to
themselves had become habitual.
Zenogre actually enjoyed his profession as an assassin. It was much more
sophisticated than being a hitman who just swoops in and out.
Although his body had become so grotesque that he could not blend in
with the human world, this transformation epitomized the peak functionality that the assassin clan,
Spatur, pursued as their ideal of beauty.
'Should I…. push a little more?'
Zenogre moved, scaling the wall with his fingers and following his prey
closely. Then he drew a strand of spider silk from his waist, letting himself drop silently behind
Shirone.
The thin thread clung to the ceiling, allowing Zenogre's body to
advance. Even a slight breeze would make the thread sway, but perfect control was not a difficult task
for the Spatur clan.
Shirone's nape was right in front of him. It was a distance where
exhaling would flutter his hair. The sight of that pale neck, like a slice of fish meat, ignited an urge
to bite down.
Zenogre tore the corners of his mouth wide and slowly brought his
fingers to Shirone's neck.
'Now then, let's test his sensitivity, shall we?'
Zenogre's fingers came close enough to almost touch the fine hair. It
was a distance that could be considered almost touching.
Shirone turned his head with a surprised expression.
But all he saw was the empty hallway. Even the flickering patterns of
the torches seemed undisturbed.
"What the hell is it?"
Something was definitely strange. Maybe he was just unusually sensitive
today, but he kept getting the feeling that something was getting on his nerves.
'It wouldn't hurt to be sure.'
Shirone pretended to move slowly, then suddenly expanded his Spirit
Zone.
"…."
All kinds of information flood in through synesthesia.
Small creatures scurried everywhere. Most likely rats or cockroaches,
given the proximity to the food storeroom.
"Ugh…."
Shirone shivered, rubbing his arms at the unpleasant sensation.
In any case, his senses had picked up only small creatures. He thought
that his nervous system might have gone awry after being threatened with assassination for several
days.
"Phew, let's go quickly."
As Shirone moved away, a satisfied smile appeared on Zenogre's lips,
still clung to the ceiling.
'He took the bait. Congratulations on your impending death.'
A mage's Spirit Zone is one of the most challenging abilities for a
melee assassin, as it is not easy to approach them because they can expand their minds and perceive
objects with synesthesia.
But an assassin knows:
There is no perfect sense without a blind spot.
Spirit Zone allows mages to integrate all information within its range.
It was not a precise feeling like sight, hearing, or touch, but rather a kind of sixth sense.
But what if one blends into their surroundings so seamlessly that they
become a part of them? With a sixth sense that integrates information, it becomes unable to distinguish
the differences between two entities.
That blind spot of the sixth sense.
Just as creatures in nature have mastered the art of concealment through
evolution, assassins have also developed their own unique techniques through long years of fighting
against Spirit Zones.
This is the art of Equalization—the ability to blend in with
objects.
'Yes, that's right.'
Shirone felt the presence of Zenogre through the Spirit Zone, but he
could not tell the difference between the stone wall and Zenogre with his sixth sense alone.
And this was exactly what Zenogre was aiming for.
For a mage, dependence on Spirit Zone is as great as an ordinary
person's dependence on vision. So much so that if something cannot be sensed through Spirit Zone, they
may as well believe it doesn't exist.
This was why Zenogre had been subtly provoking Shirone all along.
Having confirmed his surroundings with his Spirit Zone, Shirone's
vigilance had dropped significantly.
That's why Shirone would die.
It was not Zenogre who killed him. The circumstances kill him.
Hitmen who specialize in hit-and-run missions risk their lives with a
fifty percent chance of success, but an assassin won't move even if they have a ninety-nine percent
chance. They only move when the target has taken the first step into the swamp of death on their
own.
This was why high-ranking officials feared a single assassin more than
an entire army. Once they appear, it signifies that the target was already in the heart of death.
But the best assassins aren't necessarily the best swordsmen. Mastering
Equalization is such a challenging skill that reaching its peak requires a lifetime of
dedication.
But they are still strong.
If a swordsman fights with equal abilities from 1 to 100, an assassin
was unbeatable within one of those hundred. They dominate in the critical one percent of
scenarios.
Which meant Shirone was not at fault. He simply believed in what he
believed in. And Zenogre used that blind spot to make the target completely defenseless.
The current Zenogre was invincible.
'Kuku, should we get going then?'
Zenogre, who had approached Shirone along the ceiling, landed on the
floor without making a sound. Then he puckered his lips and mimed pulling something out from between his
fingers.
A strand, thin as wire, unfurled from his fingers.
This would be sufficient.
'Indeed.'
Zenogre's chosen method was the Death Noose.
By tying the wire-like thread into a noose and throwing it over Shirone,
a single yank would be enough to snap his head from his shoulders, like plucking a ripe grape.
'Seven seconds left.'
Zenogre deftly twisted the wire in the air, instantly tying it into a
noose.
Then he let it ride the air currents, and it gently floated like a kite
over Shirone's head.
Soundless, traceless, scentless—perfect assasination.
'Four seconds. Three. Two.'
The noose passed over Shirone's face and dropped down toward his
neck.
'Now!'
Zenogre twisted his mouth into a grotesque grin and yanked the
wire.
The razor-thin thread tightened instantly, coiling down to the size of a
tiny seed.
"…."
Shirone, now on the ground, stared up at Zenogre.
"Wh- What? Who are you?"
"…."
Zenogre stared blankly like a person who had lost his ability to think.
No matter how much he thought about it, he could not understand the current situation.
Just as he tightened the noose, Shirone suddenly dropped to the ground
and rolled. Then he turned to look back and met his eyes.
'What? Where did I miscalculate?'
Shirone was supposed to die. The circumstances dictated that he
should.
So it wasn't his fault. There had to be an unexpected factor at
play.
Shirone gulped and glared at Zenogre.
Right after he had confirmed his surroundings through his Spirit Zone
and started walking with a sense of security, an urgent voice echoed in his mind, shouting,
'Danger'!
Without a second thought, he rolled to the ground. And when he turned
around, he saw a man with a sinister appearance staring at him.
Zenogre asked in an eerie voice.
"How… did you dodge?"
Shirone furrowed his brow at the strange question.
'How did I dodge it? Of course, it's....'
He heard someone's voice. But judging from the reaction, it seemed that
the man did not hear it.
Just then, a faint cracking sound came from his pocket, like glass
shattering.
Shirone searched through his pockets without taking his eyes off
Zenogre. When he took it out, he found that the gem that Uorin had said was worth well over 100 million
was broken into two pieces.
Zenogre's shoulders trembled. Viewed through the compound vision of his
insect-like eyes, Shirone's gemstone was unmistakably what he thought it was.
"The Last Wail of the Yeager Family?"
There's no way Shirone would have access to something like that. And
yet, it was undoubtedly the Last Wail of the Yeager Family. If not, there was no reason Shirone would
have survived his meticulously crafted plan.
'Damn it… of all things.'
Historical records said that 480 years ago, Yeager Family had ruled over
the western continent.
Then, one day, family members began to be assassinated one by one, each
night without fail. No matter how much security was strengthened, one corpse was inevitably found every
morning.
The patriarch of the family tried everything to find the culprit, but
there was no way to stop the number of victims increasing day by day.
When the family's numbers dwindled to less than half, he took a drastic
measure.
He sealed off the mansion.
Yet, even that night, another servant died.
Realizing the assassin must be within the family itself, the head began
to interrogate the surviving family members. However, no one was found to be suspicious, and as time
passed, what was once a family of 287 had dwindled to just 63 members.
The family was already as good as ruined.
Their spirits grew hollow, and mistrust tore through them like a plague.
Few even dared to speak to one another.
The patriarch stopped trying altogether.
Whoever died, he would simply wait. As long as he could identify the
culprit, it didn't matter if his family perished.
And so, on the 286th day since the assassination began.
Only two people were left in the mansion.
The patriarch himself and his youngest daughter, whom he loved the
most.
"H- How could it be you…?"
The patriarch could not believe the reality before him.
He was not the assassin. Therefore, the culprit could only be his
fourteen-year-old youngest daughter.
"No! I am not the culprit, Father! I really am not!"
The patriarch drew the sword strapped to his waist.
She must die. No matter how dear, this daughter of his had been the
reason they were all dead.
But he couldn't bring himself to kill his daughter.
Because she was already dead.
The patriarch, who was staring blankly at his youngest daughter who had
turned into a corpse, finally realized and trembled his chin.
The secret was now laid bare.
The sword dropped, and his knees hit the floor with a thud.
"N- No! This can't be happening! No!"
The patriarch tore at his hair and let out a despairing wail.
There was no one left to die. No one but himself.
He took a strong liquor and headed to the study. And sitting at the
desk, he recorded the events of 286 days in a single letter.
It was said that the life or death of the patriarch was never
confirmed.
Some say he left the mansion, while others believe he was the final
victim, but either way, Yeager Family disappeared from the world.
Two years later, a merchant purchased Yeager Family mansion at a bargain
price.
The mansion had remained untouched, as it was the patriarch's private
estate. But two years was the legal limit before the kingdom could claim it and put it up for
sale.
When the door of the mansion, which had been sealed for 2 years, was
wide open, the first thing that caught the merchant's eye was 287 red beads on the floor.
This was the hidden story of the Last Wail of the Yeager Family. It was
also cited by the Curia Auction House as an example of why not all Objects are 100 percent safe.