Chapter 291:
All Sorts of Variables (5)
Zion looked back at Amy and sneered.
"Hmph, serves you right. You should've known better who to mess
with."
"You coward! Hurry up and untie me!"
"Don't worry, I'll let you out soon enough. But first, enjoy the
show."
Zeon half-turned and ordered Zenogre.
"Bring me Shirone's head."
Zenogre climbed up the spider web where Shirone was tied, wearing a
sinister smile.
Using his mimicry ability to control his center of gravity, he moved
freely across the steel wire without so much as a scratch.
"Amy! Amy!"
Even in this life-threatening situation, Shirone called out for
Amy.
Seeing this, Zion felt even more delighted. Although he wanted to
torment Amy in front of Shirone, his desire to own Ataraxia as soon as possible was just as
strong.
'Wait, but where's Arius?'
Everything was perfectly set up, so he should have appeared by
now.
He felt a flicker of unease, but it made no sense for a Scale Mage, who
controlled time and space, to be late. Most likely, he was planning to appear with a flashy entrance at
the very last moment.
'Tch, always with the theatrics. Just can't help himself, can
he?'
It wasn't like Zion didn't know his personality from the beginning.
Arius had his professional pride, so whatever happened, he would handle the job properly.
Zion looked around one last time and made a throat-slitting
gesture.
Zenogre, looming over Shirone, licked his lips, extending his tongue
like he was going to lick his face. But Shirone, without even looking at him, mustered all his strength
to shout toward Amy.
"Amy! Run!"
"Kekeke, how pitiful. But you're going to die anyway."
Zenogre spread his arms and legs wide, positioning himself as if to
crush Shirone. There was a sound of something popping from his side, and two new arms emerged from
inside his collar.
Shirone's face went pale at the sight.
"Keke, what's wrong? Grossed out? I can grow up to six arms, you
know."
Zenogre pulled steel wire from his mouth with his new arms and
skillfully circled it around Shirone's neck.
"There won't be any pain. I'm the best in the
industry."
Sensing death, Shirone closed his eyes. It seemed his short 18 years of
life would end here. But he couldn't die like this. With all his might, he shouted.
"Amy! Ig…!"
"Snip!"
Before Shirone could finish speaking, Zenogre pulled the wire with both
arms while laughing grotesquely. The spider web dug into Shirone's skin, leaving a thin, ring-like mark
on his neck.
Simultaneously, there was a crackling sound of electricity from behind
Zenogre. It was the distinctive hum of Scale Mage's signature magic, Flicker.
'As expected.'
Zion clicked his tongue at Arius's antics. In any case, the timing was
impeccable, so there was no reason to be angry.
"Hm?"
A puzzled look crossed Zion's eyes.
It wasn't Arius. No, was it Arius? With the face covered by a mask, it
was impossible to tell.
"What's with that get-up?"
Without a word, the masked figure rolled forward and blocked the way to
Reina and Amy. Just the position they took upon appearing was enough to show they weren't an
ally.
'Not Arius? Then where is that bastard? Shirone is already
dead...'
Zeon hurriedly turned his head towards Zenogre. Although he wore his
usual unsettling grin, his face now held a strange, subtly twisted expression, unlike anything one could
normally see from him.
Shirone too had his eyes wide open while facing Amy. And most
importantly, the steel wire... remained frozen, slightly buried in Shirone's skin, as if frozen in
time.
At that moment, another crackling sound of Flicker Magic was
heard.
As Arius materialized into the space, he tumbled across the ground,
coming to a stop beside Zion. He was drenched in sweat as if showing the hardships he had
endured.
"Damn it! Am I late?"
Zion shouted, unable to contain his irritation.
"What! What's going on? Who is that person?"
"I don't know. He's undoubtedly an Unlocker specializing in Time Magic.
I tried to shake him off somehow, but they kept disrupting the coordinates..."
In the field of distorted space and time, the two had attempted Flicker
over 700 times. The masked figure had struggled as well, but in the end, it was Arius who arrived
late.
'Damn it. The compatibility is terrible.'
For someone specializing in spatial magic, a time specialist was their
natural nemesis. No, then again, the reverse was also true—it was a relationship as opposed as fire and
water.
A relationship like fire and water where both parties are reluctant to
accept each other.
Still, the fact that the masked figure arrived before him meant that
their skills were top-notch even among Scale Mage.
'Who could it be? With such ability, they should be a mage I
know.'
It was clear now why they wore the mask.
Covering their entire face must be a measure to completely hide their
identity. After all, once someone reached such a level, one's vision could be replaced by Spirit Zone
anyway.
A few names came to mind for Arius, but none of them seemed plausible
candidates to stand in his way in this situation.
Zion couldn't wait any longer and approached Shirone, swinging his
gauntlet blade.
"Tch! Fine! I'll handle it myself!"
"Stay back!"
Zion flinched and stopped in his tracks.
Being naturally arrogant, he was more irritated at being yelled at than
relieved about avoiding danger.
"What's wrong? They can't even move anyway."
"That's Temporal Field, a specialty of Time Mage Unlockers. Simply
put, it's a Slow Magic converted into a Deviate Type."
"Deviate Type? Speak so I can understand."
Arius found Zion's ignorance exasperating but had no choice.
Considering a battle might break out, he needed to explain the key
points while facing off against the masked figure.
He didn't expect much of Zion's fighting skills, but depending on how
Armand was used, he could still be helpful.
"If you enter that field, Your Highness, you'll end up like
them."
Zion looked at Shirone and Zenogre, who were frozen in time.
Being immobilized in front of an enemy would be terrifying.
"Just stay away from it. Anyone who touches it will end up the same
way."
"Then what if that bastard makes the first move?"
"That's impossible too. If the caster enters the Spirit Zone of the
Deviate Type, the Spirit Zone will dissipate. In other words, time will resume. That masked guy has no
choice but to maintain the current state."
Arius kept his focus on the masked figure while carefully observing the
Temporal Field.
The radius wasn't as large as expected. But being clearly a time
specialist, the time distortion must be tremendous.
'Huh?'
Arius sensed something odd and stared intently at the Temporal Field.
More precisely, at Zenogre and Shirone trapped within it.
'They're moving...?'
Zenogre's arm is moving.
Though even his finely tuned senses couldn't visually confirm it, he
could definitely sense a faint 'feeling' of movement.
'What the hell happened here?'
From the skill level he had observed during their Flicker chase, Arius
had assumed a severe time distortion should be in effect.
But at this rate, even in just an hour, visible movement might become
apparent.
'Calculating the time to descend to first-stage primal
consciousness...'
Arius swallowed dryly.
This wasn't over yet.
There would be unconscious pressure since the brain wasn't completely
separated from the body, but anyway, Shirone had received a near-death shock.
Furthermore, by the time he reached the first level, Shirone's condition
would likely worsen. So as long as they secured a strong position, they still had a good chance.
"Your Highness, I'm opening the Door."
"What? Now?"
"There's still a chance. But as it happens, I will need some help. When
I enter, please follow immediately."
Arius cast the Door Magic just outside Temporal Field. As his Spirit
Zone materialized, a two-meter-high oval sphere appeared.
Arius leaped inside, and Zion, grinding his teeth in frustration,
hesitated for a moment.
But there was no time to waver. The idea of dealing with that masked
figure here was even less appealing.
"Damn it! What a pain!"
Zion withdrew his tentacles and dove into the door.
Only then did the masked figure unfold from their crouched position and
stand up. After thinking for a moment, they ran toward the Door without looking back.
"Wait!"
The masked figure stopped at the door and looked back at Amy.
"Take me with you, too! It's like a gateway to Heaven, right? I've been
there once. I can help save Shirone."
The masked figure revealed their voice for the first time.
"With the state you're in, how do you plan to enter?"
"Tha- That's… if you could just release me…"
"Ignite."
"Huh?"
Amy looked at the masked figure with surprised eyes.
"Don't you know Ignite? Aren't you a fire mage? Sticky spider webs are
weak to fire. You could have escaped by burning it with flame magic."
"Oh…."
Amy's face went blank. Even reflecting on it, she couldn't understand
why she hadn't thought of it.
Was it because of the urgency of the situation?
Certainly, that was part of it. But, to be precise, it was something she
hadn't pulled from her unconscious mind.
While fires born from Spirit Zone don't burn the mages, the fire
produced while burning the web would indeed burn a mage.
This cost-benefit analysis suppressed the idea. Even while Shirone was
close to death.
'Why couldn't I…'
Amy lowered her head with tears welling up.
"No need for self-blame. These situations are hard to handle
without training. You lack experience. Following me would be dangerous. This won't take long; just wait
here."
"No! I'm coming with you!"
Amy shouted with fierce determination in her eyes. Letting the masked
figure go alone felt like something she would regret for the rest of her life.
'It's not that I'm afraid! It's not fear of fire or anything like
that!'
She really hadn't thought of it. But Shirone would have... he would have
figured it out.
Maybe that's what he was trying to say at the end? Even at death's door,
trying to save her with such words...
'Shirone! I'll save you, no matter what!'
As she cast Fire Mist, flames rose up from the web. Just as the masked
figure said, it burned well. Amy squeezed her eyes shut, not caring if her face got burned.
But suddenly, the heat disappeared.
Opening her eyes, she saw the masked man standing there, having thrown
the spider web into the air. Like thread used in magic tricks, the web quickly combusted and
disappeared.
"W- Why…?"
The masked figure sighed and knelt before Amy.
"Foolish. Even if you had escaped, it wouldn't have changed the outcome.
Unless the enemy is an idiot, Shirone's death would only have been hastened."
Amy quickly stood up.
This man was truly strong. And even now, he seemed set on doing
something without giving up.
"Please let me go. No, I'll go alone if I have to."
"Amy! Me too, I'm going too! Let me go!"
Reina, who was hanging on a high place, screamed while flailing her
ankles.
Amy asked while casting Ignite between her fingers:
"Are you sure? It'll be hot."
"My insides are burning more right now! Hurry! The Door might
close!"
Amy smiled slightly and increased the flame between her thumb and index
finger.
A touch of heat would be enough to make the web catch instantly, though
if Reina fell, gravity might save her from serious burns.
But before she could cast the magic, the spiderweb split vertically and
Reina fell down.
Amy looked at the masked figure in astonishment. Who was this person,
who could cut only the web with a precise Wind Cutter? Certainly not someone she could have encountered
in her circles.
Reina landed gracefully, then approached Amy.
She also looked at the masked figure with a puzzled look. Though they
didn't seem bad, she maintained her guard since their identity was unknown.
The masked figure examined the Door's condition. Energy fields were
radiating intensely from the edges of the portal—a sign that its time was running out.