Chapter 298:
Master of Consciousness (2)
Zion tilted his head, recognizing the familiar face.
"Surely... was it Vincent?"
As they walked across the carpet, Arius explained.
"It's largely projected. The superego is heavily influenced by the
father. Normally, it would be strong enough to suppress the Egoist."
Ignite greeted them with a broad smile.
"So, you say you have a cure for me?"
Arius was momentarily speechless, feeling an overwhelming pressure as if
facing a wild beast.
'Unbelievable. Is this the weakened state of the superego?'
In a normal person, the superego would be paralyzed in the face of
death. But Ignite still exuded a powerful presence.
'This is truly impressive.'
Even Arius, who had explored many minds, had never encountered such a
strong superego.
A person with a criticism consciousness as solid as steel never lets
their guard down. The rumor that Shirone could become a top-tier talent was based on this trait.
Zion snorted.
"Is he bluffing even on the brink of death? What an annoying
guy."
Arius thought that Zion's superego must be very weak.
"There is no cure for my illness. Because this world is already
sick. So, why have you come to see me? I'll overlook the first lie, but from now on, you must tell the
truth."
Knowing that clumsy lies wouldn't work on the ruler of reason, Arius
spoke honestly.
"We need to kill Shirone."
The soldiers lined up in the hall glared at Arius in unison. However,
under Ignite's control, they did not manifest as Egoists.
"Why should I do that?"
Ignite lifted the massive axe resting against the chair with one
hand.
As he grasped the weapon, the air grew as heavy as steel, pressing down
on their chests.
Zion, terrified, drew his Armand. Activating his golden armor, the sword
split and encased him like armor. At the same time, Ignite's subordinates raised their weapons.
Arius sighed in frustration. But needing Zion's help to achieve his
goal, he abandoned his initial strategy and joined in the show of force.
"Just hold them off for a moment. It will be over
soon."
"What are you going to do?"
Arius approached Ignite, a bluish light of the mental magic Confuse
gathering in his palm.
"...I'll have to start mental reconstruction."
"Cough! Cough!"
Shirone's party coughed as they exited the door to the 7th stage. The
stench from the landfill was still imprinted in their minds, making it feel like the smell
lingered.
But the situation here wasn't any better. Shirone's party stood in front
of the door, unable to move, with blank expressions.
The plaza floor was littered with corpses with burst heads. People were
falling from rooftops like rain.
Elsewhere, citizens were fighting each other to the death. Even though
it wasn't reality, it was the most horrific scene they had ever seen.
Armin watched the situation with a serious expression.
If the actions of the projections were this extreme, it meant that
Zenogor's influence was tightening faster than expected.
Shirone, watching his world crumble with sad eyes, suddenly wore a
fierce expression. He mischievously yanked Amy's hair.
"Ouch!"
Amy turned around with a bewildered look.
"Why did you do that?"
"Don't block my view. I can't see."
Amy pouted her lips.
She couldn't understand why Shirone, who was kind to everyone else, was
only like this to her. She wanted to hit him, but she had prepared herself before meeting the avatar, so
she controlled her emotions.
"Fine, sorry."
As Amy shrugged and turned away, Shirone became even more
confused.
She was a good person and on his side. So why did he feel bad?
"Why did you come to save me?"
Amy flinched at the question from behind. But without turning around,
she thought for a moment and gave a short answer.
"Because we're friends."
Shirone recalled a memory from reality. It was a terrifying memory like
a nightmare.
The world was upside down, and his body felt like it was burning. He saw
Amy cocooned on the opposite wall. He couldn't guess the situation, but it was extremely
unpleasant.
"But you... didn't save me."
Amy lowered her head with a sad face.
Was it that? Did Shirone hate her for her weakness in not being able to
act?
"Shirone, that was..."
As Amy turned to explain, an Egoist suddenly appeared before her. She
quickly stepped back, and Arius and Reina also distanced themselves.
The projections with burst heads began to transform into Egoists,
surrounding Shirone like a wall.
Reina looked at Armin and asked,
"What's happening?"
"Get down!"
Amy grabbed Reina's waist and dove towards the exit of the 7th stage. As
Reina turned her head, she saw a rain of arrows filling the sky.
Armin used Flicker magic to escape the radius.
Egoists rushed towards Shirone. Amy closed the door after confirming
this.
Thud! Thud!
Dozens of arrows struck the door, making her hand holding the doorknob
tingle.
As soon as the arrow rain stopped, she opened the door and checked on
Shirone. The Egoist, now in a ball form, was pierced by an unsettling number of arrows.
"Shirone! Are you okay?"
As the Egoist separated and retreated like an ebbing tide, Shirone stood
in the same position as before. More Egoists approached him in a menacing manner to protect him.
Amy sighed in relief and turned her head to where Shirone was
looking.
A group of soldiers was advancing. The archers split to the sides, and
the heavy cavalry took the lead.
"What is that army?"
"It must be the antithesis. The Egoist rationalizes the self, while
the antithesis criticizes. The stronger the superego, the more moral it is, so Shirone's antithesis must
be quite strong. Stay alert."
Amy was shocked to see the commander of the cavalry. He was a
middle-aged man with a huge axe on his back, and even from a distance, his presence was
overwhelming.
"Uncle Vincent?"
Except for being about 1.5 times larger and having scars on his face, he
looked so much like Vincent that it was believable he was in disguise.
"I am Ignite, the ruler of this city!"
Ignite's shout echoed through the plaza. Even the citizens, whose nerves
were on edge, turned to him with startled expressions.
Ignite pointed his massive axe horizontally and shouted at
Shirone.
"Shirone! Your selfishness is causing everyone to suffer. What do
you, a commoner, dream of? Your power is not something you earned through your efforts! It should be
given to others! Now, I will end all suffering with your death!"
Amy looked at Arius with a bewildered expression.
"Is that Shirone's critical consciousness? That's just typical
loser logic."
"Indeed. Arius seems to have manipulated the superego. Humans have
a strong desire for death as much as for life. It looks like we're in serious trouble."
"Shirone! Answer me! Are you justified? After causing so much
suffering, do you still want to live?"
When exposed to extreme fear or pain, humans sometimes think they would
rather die. Arius had easily manipulated Ignite by exploiting the fact that Shirone's world was
sick.
Every time Ignite spoke, Shirone trembled.
For the ego, the superego's message was as powerful as the Bible to a
religious person.
"That's right! It's all Shirone's fault that this world is like
this!"
"Killing Shirone is the only way to restore peace!"
"Kill him! Kill Shirone!"
The projections in the plaza raised the banner of rebellion, siding with
Ignite.
They were all antitheses, and as their numbers grew, Shirone's avatar
weakened further.
"Get ready! They're coming this way!"
As Armin shouted, the heavy infantry charged, shaking the ground.
Archers drew their bows from the sides of the plaza, and the citizens also rushed in as an angry
mob.
"Everything will be better without you!"
A citizen wielding a club took a full swing at Shirone.
At the same time, an Egoist tackled him to the ground. Transforming its
entire body into teeth, it bit down, tearing the antithesis apart with a scream.
But Ignite's subordinates were not so easily dealt with. They wielded
their weapons with overwhelming strength, overpowering the Egoists.
The Egoists attacked by the antitheses disintegrated with a hissing
sound.
"Kill Shirone! Everyone, charge at Shirone!"
The dead projections turned into Egoists and fought to protect Shirone.
Meanwhile, the citizens all became antitheses.
Desire and reason clashed in the center of the plaza.
In this close battle, Ignite's presence was the decisive factor.
He was stronger than any Egoist and far surpassed the other antitheses
in power. Every swing of his massive axe shattered the Egoists like dust.
"Shirone! It's not yours! Let it go!"
Armin, watching the battle, was dumbfounded.
'How can this be?'
Reason was overcoming desire.
It meant that Shirone's conviction was incredibly strong, but
considering the situation, it was absurdly strong. Even soldiers willing to die for their country have a
stronger desire to live when their lives are at stake.
'But desire is losing? Even when his neck is on the line in reality? Can
this really be the mind of an eighteen-year-old boy?'
Arius probably didn't expect the antithesis to win either.  If Ignite
captured Shirone, they wouldn't be able to obtain Ataraxia.
Shirone's conviction transcended human limits.
Like prophets in history, Shirone was someone who could willingly die
for his beliefs.
"This won't do. We need to join the fight."
Armin cast Flicker and infiltrated the battlefield.
Saving Shirone was the top priority. If the avatar was defeated, they
wouldn't be able to catch up to Arius.
Amy defended herself with Fire Mist and cast Fire Wall.
As the wall of fire surged between the Egoists and the antithesis, the
crowd split in two.
Focusing her mind, the Fire Wall grew taller. The heavy infantry, unable
to remove their heated armor, screamed in agony.
Reina climbed onto a roof and sniped the archers. The arrows she bought
from Neid's projection had several times the penetration power of real ones, easily piercing through two
or three people with a single shot.
"Move aside! I'll deal with this myself!"
Ignite's voice came from beyond the wall of fire. He soon emerged,
parting the flames.
With a massive axe on his shoulder, he took a swing stance, targeting
Amy first. Numerous Egoists attacked him, but he scattered them with a single swing.
"Amy! Watch out!"
Reina grabbed four arrows from her quiver and fired them in quick
succession. Each aimed at a different spot: shoulder, wrist, thigh, and heart.
Without taking his eyes off Amy, Ignite sensed the arrows and swung his
massive axe with both hands.
A sound like a fierce wind roared.
Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!
The powerful arrows struck the axe blade but didn't bounce off. However,
the shafts bent at 90 degrees, losing their force and falling to the ground.
"Foolish girl!"
Ignite continued his charge, swinging his massive axe. He brought the
axe blade behind his back right in front of Amy.
As his upper body straightened, Amy felt like a wall had appeared before
her. She didn't have time to cancel Fire Wall and cast another spell.