Chapter 300:
Master of Consciousness (4)
"We've arrived. If we open this door, we can go down."
"I see. So now we will enter Shirone's unconscious."
Understanding Armin's words, Amy took a deep breath.
Beyond this door lay Shirone's true emotions.
Given the state of his avatar, there wouldn't be any vile desires. But
there might be equivalent longings.
'It doesn't matter. I'm not pure either. Everyone has such
feelings.'
Shirone hesitated to open the door. It seemed he was conflicted about
descending to the lower level.
Eventually, he let go of the doorknob and looked at Amy with a
displeased expression.
"You don't need to come along..."
Suddenly, Shirone tilted his head back and rolled his eyes. Then, like
someone having a seizure, he trembled and collapsed.
"Shirone!"
Amy held Shirone and checked his condition. His face was pale, and his
lungs were heaving as if he might stop breathing at any moment.
"What happened? What's going on?"
A rumbling vibration was felt, and the ceiling of the grand hall began
to collapse. As boulders larger than people fell, Armin flung the door open and shouted.
"We don't have time! The unconscious is collapsing!"
Kazra Castle's food storage.
Zenogor's strong line finally cut into Shirone's blood vessels.
Thousands of blood droplets burst from the wound and spread slowly, as if time had slowed down.
The impact on reality immediately affected the mind.
With the rainfall at level 11 surging, half the city was submerged.
Projections floating on the torrents let out cries close to wailing.
Among the crowd flowing into the lowlands was the fear manifestation of
Neid's projection, the Egoist.
"Kiyaaah!"
The Egoist flailed its limbs desperately trying to escape. But it
couldn't overcome the rapidly rising water and sank below the surface with a desperate scream.
Secrets of the Abyss (1)
Shirone's Mental Stage 5.
Creak, the door opened with an old sound.
The aura of caution entered before the people did.
Only after a while did Arius, with a flushed face, and Zion, fully
protected by his golden armor, cross the threshold.
"This is... Shirone's unconscious?"
Zion was bewildered by the unexpected situation.
The 5th stage they arrived at was a library with bookshelves extending
endlessly.
The Spine of Knowledge.
Arius realized just by looking at a few bookshelves that the history was
arranged in chronological order.
'This is... beyond impressive, it's almost inhuman.'
He had dived into the minds of high-ranking magicians far greater than
Shirone. But even they had disorganized and chaotic unconscious minds.
It was natural. It would be strange for a human's unconscious to be
standardized.
Zion asked in a disappointed voice.
"What is this? You said we could see everything about
Shirone?"
"It's the Spine of Knowledge."
"The Spine of Knowledge?"
"It's the arrangement of history in chronological order. It's not
only difficult to create, but even attempting it is rarely successful. It seems to be a result of
Shirone's unique growth process."
Zion scoffed.
Shirone grew up as the son of a lowly hunter. No matter how much he
excelled, he couldn't be better than someone like Zion, who had been educated in imperial doctrines
since birth.
"Surely, it's a crude method. In other words, he crammed it in by
brute force? That's typical of the uneducated, memorizing without understanding."
"Is that so?"
Arius smiled pleasantly.
It was indeed impressive.
Not just the Spine of Knowledge itself, but the fact that it resided in
the 5th stage below the REM realm was astonishing.
"You can't establish a spine in the unconscious with mere
memorization. He understood everything. That makes it highly effective. Any knowledge he studies can be
systematically arranged. It's far more efficient than just cramming in knowledge
meaninglessly."
Zion's expression twisted.
Although his face was hidden by the helmet of his golden armor, Arius
could feel the murderous intent emanating from him.
"Is that so..."
Zion was upset.
Very upset.
He had absorbed everything good since childhood. No one in the world
could have received a better education than the child of Teraje.
But his confidence had been repeatedly wounded since Shirone
appeared.
How could the son of a commoner be better than the emperor's son?
Zion's breathing grew rougher.
He looked at the books filling the library.
Shirone couldn't have read tens of thousands of books. It just seemed
that way because the knowledge he understood and mastered was perfectly categorized.
"Damn bastard!"
Zion drew a blade from his gauntlet and slashed at the bookshelves.
Paper scraps fluttered like goose feathers, and the bookshelves were smoothly cut like cheese.
Moving to the next section, he swung both blades, destroying Shirone's
knowledge.
"How about this? Huh? I'll mess up your mind
completely!"
Zion's voice trembled with excitement.
"Haha! This is fun! If I had done this from the start, it would
have been easy! More, more destruction!"
Arius spoke in a cold voice.
"Stop it."
Zion, who usually didn't care about others' words, had to stop this
time.
Slowly turning his head, he saw Arius's cold gaze.
It was a murderous intent worthy of being called one of the Seven Great
Magicians.
"What? Are you talking to me?"
His stomach churned, but Zion didn't back down.
He was Arius's employer, and an employee shouldn't oppose their
employer.
Even if this was Arius's domain, the mental world, the power of money
spread throughout the universe.
As long as humans existed there.
Arius suppressed his murderous intent.
'Damn brat...'
Honestly, he almost killed Zion.
The Spine of Knowledge Shirone had built was a pleasing sight even for
Arius.
Notorious as one of the Seven Great Magicians of the Black Line, he was
second to none in intellect.
He understood better than anyone why Shirone had constructed such a
knowledge structure. Despite being an enemy, he couldn't help but feel a sense of camaraderie.
If they had met under different circumstances, he would have genuinely
cared for Shirone.
Of course, given the personalities he had encountered so far, it seemed
unlikely Shirone would join the Black Line.
Arius suppressed his anger and returned to his usual self.
Regardless of his feelings, he was a professional. Defying his employer
was against his principles.
"From now on, we're in the realm of the unconscious. If you tamper
with it, Ataraxia might be damaged. So let's stop the destruction and go down."
Ataraxia was probably safe. The 5th stage was merely the result of the
4th stage.
Changing the result wouldn't alter the cause.
But Arius didn't want to destroy the Spine of Knowledge.
Not because he cared for Shirone.
This place genuinely satisfied his intellectual aesthetic.
Hearing the word Ataraxia, Zion stopped his rampage. He had spent a
fortune of 4 billion gold to obtain it, so any damage would be a huge loss.
"Fine. He's going to die anyway, so I'll leave it at
this."
Arius smiled contentedly.
"Shall we go down then?"
Despite being infuriated by Zion's foolishness, there was something to
gain. Even after damaging the Spine of Knowledge, the Egoist hadn't appeared.
From the REM realm downwards, there were no projections, so the Egoist
could manifest at any time to eliminate intruders.
This was one reason even divers with lucid dream certifications
hesitated to descend into the depths.
'The Egoist isn't manifesting. It's about time for the collapse.'
And this was precisely what Arius had been aiming for.
If the mental processes had reached the 5th stage, considerable time
must have passed in reality. Shirone was likely fatally wounded and close to death.
'Will I finally see Ataraxia?'
Arius's eyes shone more intensely than ever.
Armin burst through the door and entered the 5th stage. Shirone,
supported by Amy, followed, gasping for breath.
Barely escaping the collapse of the REM realm, Shirone could no longer
walk and collapsed to the floor. His face was pale and fading.
"Shirone! Are you okay? Snap out of it!"
Amy worriedly caressed Shirone's cheeks.
But Shirone roughly pushed her away and spoke coldly.
"Get away."
Amy stepped back with a sad expression.
Even in the dire situation of the mental world's collapse, Shirone's
frozen heart showed no signs of thawing.
As he glared at Amy with upturned eyes, his lips moved as if trying to
convey something. But as Amy turned away, his mouth closed again.
Amy looked around with a pounding heart.
No matter what she saw, she wouldn't criticize Shirone. Even if it was
something bad directed at her.
"Where is this...?"
But she saw nothing.
What lay before her was not raw emotions but a categorized flow of
history.
The Spine of Knowledge Shirone had mentioned before.
When she heard about it, she had vaguely imagined a diagram, but seeing
it in reality, she realized it was an impressive achievement.
Having the Spine of Knowledge engraved in the 5th stage meant not a
single piece of information was treated carelessly.
It was impossible to understand without connecting the causal
relationships of all the acquired information.
Shirone had done it.
She could clearly see how hard he had worked to catch up with the
intellectual abilities of the magic school students.
Armin, like Arius before him, quickly grasped the
characteristics.
The categories of information on the bookshelves were divided so that
any item could be independently understood.
'What kind of child is this...'
More importantly, this was the realm of the unconscious.
There is information that one never forgets throughout their life.
People call this fundamental knowledge.
Shirone had brought the Spine of Knowledge to the state of fundamental
knowledge.
As Armin wandered through the library, repeatedly marveling inwardly, he
discovered a section that was completely destroyed.
Books were torn to shreds, and the bookshelves were also
destroyed.
"It looks like they came through here."
Seeing the brutally damaged bookshelves, Amy felt distressed. She knew
better than anyone how much effort Shirone had put into completing the Spine of Knowledge, and she felt
a surge of resentment towards them.
"Those bastards. Do they even know what this is..."
Amy gathered the scattered papers from the floor and eventually started
to cry.
She couldn't forgive Zion. She would make him pay in some way.
"Wait a moment."
Armin stopped her.
The collapsed bookshelves were regenerating as if a living organism was
healing its wounds.
Amy watched the process with a surprised expression.
"How is this possible?"
"Normally, it wouldn't be. But the complementary knowledge base is
structured like a network. Even if one path is blocked, it immediately reroutes and establishes a new
path. The Spine of Knowledge will soon be restored to its original state."
Reina asked,
"Then why did they destroy it? Arius must have known. He's an
expert."
"That's exactly why."
Reina tilted her head in confusion.
But Armin's explanation ended there. There was no point in praising the
enemy in a situation where they would soon face off.
Zion destroyed it, and Arius stopped him.
That was the only scenario that came to mind.
Though the world saw him as a grave robber, he had a strong intellectual
pride. He must have been deeply impressed by seeing Shirone's unconscious.
Just like an invader wouldn't want to damage the relics of another
country.