Chapter 303:
Secrets of the Abyss (4)
Amy shouted, her face flushed with anger.
"You thief! Using someone else's property to make a barricade? If
you're a magician, fight me fairly! What, are you scared you'll lose to me?"
"Haha! Is there any need for that when there's such a difference in
our levels? Especially since I know, Armin, that you're not in your normal state."
Arius placed his hand on the statue.
"The rehearsal is over. The reason I waited for you before the main
event is that I wanted to share this historic moment with everyone. Enjoy the spectacle, as it's
something you'll never see again in your lifetime."
Casting the scale magic Resizing, the 8-meter-tall statue of Ataraxia
shrank to the size of a chess piece.
As the archangel's statue turned into a figurine, Zion's eyes
sparkled.
At that size, it could be carried around easily. He could use Ataraxia
anytime, anywhere.
"Hmm, this is excellent. Now then..."
"You thief! That's Shirone's! If you touch it, I won't let you get
away with it!"
Seeing Amy trembling with rage made Zion feel ecstatic.
"Haha! What are you going to do? There's nothing you can do anyway.
Just watch as Ataraxia becomes mine."
Arius grabbed the archangel's figurine and lifted his upper body with a
grunt.
But for some reason, it didn't budge.
He strained until his face turned red, but it was no use.
"......"
Arius let go of the figurine and stepped back.
He looked around at the people watching him and then burst into
embarrassed laughter.
"Hahaha!"
Why wasn't it moving?
Resizing reduces the scale of space, so it has nothing to do with mass.
A small pebble to a human is a giant boulder to an ant.
'Even so, it can't be lifted. A mass that transcends dimensions? No,
there's no dimension that surpasses scale magic. So what's the problem?'
Unable to bear it, Zion pushed Arius aside and took his place.
"Move. Why are you struggling with this?"
Arius let Zion try. While the boy's strength was no different, Armand
could exert power comparable to Schema.
"Magicians, honestly..."
Zion clicked his tongue and bent over.
Grabbing the archangel's figurine and clutching his wrist with the other
hand, Armand responded immediately.
Activating muscle enhancement system. Increasing energy
metabolism rate. Enhancing muscle fibers. Flexing operational joints. Strengthening ligament tensile
strength. Resetting force center.
"Ughhh!"
As Zion straightened his back while holding Ataraxia, he was surprised
by its unexpected weight.
But he was overflowing with strength thanks to Armand's muscle
enhancement program. He felt like he could move a boulder the size of a house.
Zion extended his bent knees and pulled his upper body up.
Finally, the archangel's figurine began to lift about a finger's
width.
"This won't do! We have to get in there and take it
back!"
Amy shouted, but Armin only watched Zion's movements.
As a scale magician, he knew. Ataraxia wasn't heavy because of its mass.
Some other rule was at play.
'What's happening?'
Zion succeeded in lifting Ataraxia to his waist.
"Got it! Now it's mine...!"
At that moment, a metallic screech echoed, and the surroundings turned
red. The peaceful temple atmosphere suddenly became perilous.
As the archangel's figurine released a shockwave, Zion and Arius were
thrown against the walls. Meanwhile, Armin's group was safe, thanks to the mental wave barrier absorbing
the impact.
Zion steadied himself with Armand's help.
As he tried to rush back to Ataraxia, Arius, leaning against the wall,
shouted.
"Stop! Don't go near it!"
A magic circle was engraved on the floor, and a cylindrical barrier of
light rose to protect the figurine. Ancient heavenly script began to inscribe itself rapidly on the
barrier's surface.
"We need to get Ataraxia back quickly!"
Reina nocked an arrow and prepared to charge. But Armin extended his arm
to block her.
"Wait! That's a sealing formation."
If alchemy advanced magic technologically, sealing formations advanced
it spiritually.
Magicians don't recognize the dichotomy of good and evil, but the
religious community has used sealing formations to imprison many entities defined as evil.
Arius also realized it was a sealing process and tensed up.
'Why is there a sealing formation in Shirone's consciousness?'
It's impossible to inscribe something in the primal consciousness
without leaving a trace.
Even with possession, there should be a statue like Ataraxia. Perhaps it
was a mutation that occurred when Shirone was an embryo.
But the likelihood of a logically constructed sealing formation
manifesting in the 1st stage of consciousness was lower than the chance of wind-blown parts assembling
into a carriage.
The golden ancient script climbing the barrier of light completed the
process. As the programming dissolved, a sentence appeared in the center of the cylinder.
Arius quickly interpreted the heavenly language.
'La Hadamah Judran Arab, Ya Ahud Min Al-Foud. Lord of Chaos, break down
the walls of the boundary. Whatever it is, it won't be cute. Huh?'
A new phrase appeared below the sentence.
A sealing formation requires the sealant's signature. Like an exorcist's
command, "In the name of so-and-so." This was also proof that Shirone's security device was an
artificial construct.
"What...?"
Armin and Arius, who could read the ancient language, froze.
The light line, as if written by a human hand, slowly drew a period next
to the designer's name.
The name of the lost one was inscribed.
McClain Goffin.
Master of the Avatar (1)
'Impossible! Impossible! Impossible!'
Arius's mind raced faster than ever. It was a mix of 80% excitement, 19%
fear, and 1% denial.
The sealing formation designed by Goffin was clearly a security device
to prevent the excavation of the primal consciousness. Otherwise, there was no explanation for its
silence until now.
'But why... why?'
The 1st stage is at the genetic level. Could Goffin's relic be hidden
here?
Goffin's work ended 18 years ago. So when was the sealing formation
created?
Arius thought of Shirone's age.
'Eighteen. But which eighteen? Before the reset? After the
reset?'
There was no way to know. But Arius had a thought that felt like blind
faith.
'Could it be the reset point?'
The rift field verification experiment proves the discrepancy between
time and energy. Though the discrepancy is fleeting, it causes the universe to crack.
There's no guarantee Shirone was born from the rift. There's no evidence
to support it.
But Arius was gripped by a strong conviction.
If Goffin truly designed the security device, no existing magician could
deactivate it.
But why wasn't it installed in the 11th stage, where external
interference is greatest?
'Because it had to be.'
It was installed in the fetal or embryonic state.
'Was excavation impossible from the start?'
No diver, not even Arius, could break through Goffin's sealing
formation.
But he hadn't given up hope yet.
'It depends on what comes out of there.'
The entity trapped in the sealing formation emerged above the magic
circle.
It resembled a rhinoceros, with grayish-white skin covered in rough,
bumpy protrusions that even a knife couldn't penetrate. It had seven eyes, one in the center and three
on each side.
As the creature broke free from the sealing formation, it placed its
foot on the ground.
When it pulled up its other leg, the temple floor collapsed, and it
poured into the ground.
Judging its size by its face was a mistake. Its body was 100 times
larger than its face. Its belly was grotesquely swollen, and thousands of lightning-shaped horns covered
its back.
It looked like the real form of the Rage Form Egoist that had manifested
in the 7th stage.
"Damn it!"
Arius cursed and backed away.
The Demon Behemoth.
It was the king of beasts that existed long before human history.
'Even antiques have their limits. How old is this thing?'
Behemoth is a creature from creation myths, even in heaven. Powerful
demons would bow to Behemoth, hence it was called a demon god.
Behemoth, awakened from its long slumber, didn't move for a moment. Then
it stretched its neck and loosened its body, looking down at the people with its seven eyes.
"Foolish humans, by the contract of sealing, I shall destroy
you."
Behemoth, having issued its death sentence, generated electricity at the
tips of the horns on its back.
As thousands of lightning bolts lit up simultaneously, everyone's faces
turned pale.
"Damn! We need to get out."
Arius opened the door and escaped immediately.
Zion, looking longingly at the archangel's figurine, turned his gaze to
Behemoth's electrifying power and screamed, running towards the door.
"We need to get out too! Follow me!"
Armin shouted to the two women.
This time, there was no need to think.
A demon god was a double-S class entity by magical society standards.
This meant it had the power of 370 9th-level combat magicians.
Even practically, it would take over 20 6th-level magicians, assuming
they knew the strategy to defeat it.
Moreover, in real combat, various variables arise depending on traits
and combinations, so at least 1.8 times the practical combat power is required to subdue it
stably.
In other words, with this party, they couldn't even scratch it, let
alone harm it.
Without looking back, Amy and Reina threw themselves through the door,
and Armin immediately followed with Flicker magic.
Thousands of lightning bolts intertwined into a web-like electric field.
The bolts, exceeding their saturation point, spread out and scorched the space.
The door, absorbing the powerful energy, vanished with a pop.
Armin's group was flung out of the door like being shot from a cannon.
Amy and Reina rolled on the ground, while Armin barely managed to land on his feet.
"Are you alright?"
Amy coughed repeatedly.
"Suddenly, I couldn't breathe. Cough!"
As soon as they jumped through the door, a powerful heatwave from
Shirone's mental world hit them. If they had been a moment later, they would have been roasted by
Behemoth's bolts.
Arius had already fled, leaving only Zion behind. But he seemed too
confused to take any action against Armin's group.
Amy saw Shirone hanging upside down in the web.
The time field hadn't been released yet, but he couldn't hold on much
longer. Eventually, the field would have to be released, and no one could predict what would happen
next.
"It looks like his blood vessels have been cut. What should we
do?"
"What did you imprint on Shirone's consciousness?"
Amy shook her head in despair.
"I couldn't think of anything. So I just wrote
'Shirone.'"
"You did well. If you can't devise a concrete strategy, something
abstract might be more helpful. We can use Shirone's consciousness. Now, we'll release the time field.
Be prepared."
"But...!"
Amy wasn't ready.
Changing the flow of consciousness might make Shirone instinctively find
a solution, but if it failed, his neck would be cut in the next moment.