Chapter 304:
Master of the Avatars (2)
"We can't delay. We need to give Shirone some breathing room. The
strong line is still tightening around his neck. If we stall, the situation will only get
worse."
Amy swallowed back her objections with great effort.
Armin was right. If it was going to happen anyway, they had to take the
chance with the highest odds of success.
"We need to worry about Arius too. We have to retrieve the time
line used on Shirone. I'll give you three seconds. If no other solution comes up, I'll release the time
field."
A timer automatically started in Amy and Reina's minds. One second, two
seconds... no solution emerged.
By the time they reached three seconds, they had resigned themselves to
fate.
It was a forced situation, but they were ready to face reality as the
time field was released.
'Good luck, Shirone...'
Armin retrieved the time line and used Flicker magic to leave the food
storage.
If he lost Arius, the fact that Arius broke the agreement would be
revealed to the world, causing international conflict on par with the Ataraxia issue.
Amy and Reina, unaware that Armin had disappeared, focused intently on
Shirone's next move.
As Zenogor's face showed signs of life, a flash of light burst from
Shirone's body. A short, intense beam exploded, sending Zenogor flying.
By increasing the density of the beam to create a physical barrier-like
impact, Zenogor felt as if he had been hit by a carriage.
But he couldn't understand it.
The sensation of cutting through skin still lingered on his fingertips.
It was the first time in his assassination history that he had been counterattacked after feeling this
sensation.
"Sh-Shirone..."
Amy's voice trembled with emotion.
She had no idea how Shirone had repelled Zenogor. Even if the flow of
consciousness had changed, the casting speed and power were beyond the level of a magic school
student.
The web holding Shirone burned with a red light, turning into hard ash
and breaking apart. Shooting a laser to conduct heat through a 1-millimeter-thick web was also beyond
Shirone's current precision.
As Amy felt relieved that Shirone was alive, she realized something was
off.
But when Shirone fell to the floor with a thud, her mind went blank
again, and she rushed forward.
"Shirone!"
"Don't move!"
Zenogor, who had been thrown by the beam, flew back and pinned Shirone's
head and back. Yet his eyes were still unfocused.
'What happened?'
In an instant, the world seemed to have changed. The women bound in the
web were freed, and their positions were different.
'Something happened.'
Trapped in the time field, Zenogor had no way to understand the current
situation. But his mind, honed by years of experience, quickly eliminated meaningless variables.
Something had happened outside his perception.
As long as he kept in mind who the current enemy was, he would be the
last one standing.
"Zenogor! Kill him! Right now!"
Zion shouted after finishing his calculations.
With Arius having fled, if Shirone survived, Zion would take the fall.
Killing everyone involved in today's incident was the only way for him to secure his future.
"Do you think I'll let you?"
Amy charged at Zenogor.
This time, she wouldn't make a mistake. She would save Shirone, even if
it cost her life.
Zenogor moved slightly faster. He pulled out the strong line from his
mouth and looped it around Shirone's neck.
But just before he could pull it tight, red light gathered around
Shirone, and high-powered lasers shot out in all directions.
A laser beam hit Zenogor's shoulder, piercing through the bone.
"Huh? What is this... Aaargh!"
Amy's eyes widened.
She had seen the power of lasers many times, but this was an
unbelievable level of output. Even at full power, Shirone's spells had never been this strong.
Sensing danger, Zenogor flattened himself on the floor. Like an insect,
he moved his limbs to retreat while keeping his eyes on Shirone. He climbed the wall and hid in the
ceiling corner, a spider's favorite spot.
With Zenogor failing, Zion decided to deal with Shirone himself. He
extended the blade of his gauntlet and charged.
"Die, you worthless scum!"
"Your Highness! No! Get back!"
Despite Zenogor's warning, Zion didn't stop.
Shirone, with his head down, staggered and reached out to the
approaching Zion. In an instant, a thin laser pierced Zion.
The reaction came a second later.
"Aaargh!"
Zion was thrown back as if struck by a strong wind, clutching his
stomach and rolling on the floor.
He didn't know where or how he was hit. He only felt immense pain in his
abdomen.
Abdominal perforation detected. Maximizing cell
regeneration. Injecting pain-blocking substances. Reducing physical ability utilization index by
48%. Estimated recovery time: 3 minutes 47 seconds. Rest recommended.
"Your Highness! Are you alright?"
Zenogor, crawling like an insect, supported Zion's upper body.
Meanwhile, his left eye kept a close watch on Shirone's every move.
As an assassin of the Spatur family, he had a manual for dealing with
magicians.
But he had never encountered such a simple spell. If the laser had
pierced Zion's brain, he would have died instantly.
Shirone hadn't said a word. He staggered like a drunk person.
After firing the laser, he shuddered.
He coughed violently, spitting out a handful of blood.
"Damn, the human body..."
When Shirone slowly lifted his face, Amy covered her mouth in
fear.
His eyes had turned pitch black, and blood vessel-like nerves bulged
around his eyes and temples.
Amy realized that the expansion of Shirone's nervous system had enhanced
his magic.
But it wasn't normal.
The traits of the monster that appeared in the 1st stage of the depths
were now present in Shirone.
"Shirone, are you really Shirone?"
Shirone didn't answer.
Of course, he was Shirone. But he had integrated with Behemoth at the
avatar stage.
Unlike possession, where two egos share an avatar, integration meant
they had merged.
He wasn't the pure Shirone, but if it was Shirone's avatar, then he was
undoubtedly Shirone.
"Answer me! Who are you?"
Shirone smiled coldly.
"It's me, Amy. Don't you recognize me?"
Amy was certain.
The being before her wasn't Shirone.
"Liar! You're that monster from before! Turn Shirone back to
normal!"
Shirone had a cold nature. But now, he was like a boiling
volcano.
Ignoring Amy, Shirone looked ahead.
The only emotion driving him was anger. Anger that felt like it would
explode if he didn't release it.
That anger was directed at Zion.
Having recovered, Zion extended the blade of his gauntlet and prepared
to attack.
"A commoner like you... Do you think I'll lose to someone like
you?"
Zenogor, sensing the situation, made a suggestion.
"Your Highness, you should retreat..."
"Shut up! How can I run away from a traitor who inflicted a fatal
wound on a prince?"
It wasn't pride that made him stand his ground.
If the incident ended like this, he would have to pay for attempting to
assassinate Shirone. But if he killed Shirone here, he could frame him as a traitor and cover up the
incident.
"Zenogor, distract him. I'll attack from behind."
"Understood, Your Highness. I don't mind dying, so please preserve
your life."
Shirone looked at Zion and Zenogor indifferently.
But inside, the chemical reaction of immense anger was making him lose
consciousness.
"Here I go, Your Highness!"
Zenogor charged with an all-out attack stance.
As an assassin, he knew that attacking Shirone now meant death. But he
willingly flew towards his death.
"Long live Empress Teraje! Preserve the Spatur family!"
Zenogor poured all his strength into releasing the strong line.
He didn't expect to inflict a fatal wound. He just needed to buy time
for Zion to realize the situation and escape.
Today's sacrifice would ensure the survival of the Spatur family.
"Huh?"
There was nothing where the strong line extended.
Reaching the spot where Shirone had been, Zenogor turned around and felt
a chill.
An explosive-speed teleportation.
Shirone reached Zion, grabbed his neck, and slammed him against the
wall.
"Ugh!"
Zion was lifted off the ground, his neck being strangled.
Even as he struggled to breathe, he saw Shirone's distorted face. His
eyes were even darker, and the bulging nerves around his eyes extended to his cheekbones.
"Heh, found you. It's you."
Zion's face felt both familiar and strange.
But it didn't matter to Shirone. The moment he saw Zion, immense anger
flared up.
As a gleam flashed across Shirone's eyes, Zion realized for the first
time that even darkness could contain light.
His face turned pale with fear.
Armand was too busy supplying oxygen to Zion to focus on any other
strategy. It was Zion's only command.
Even as he trembled, on the verge of suffocation, Shirone was
displeased. He noticed the limp tendrils and smirked.
"So it's an object. How about this?"
Shirone's nerves thickened, raising the skin along his arm to his
wrist.
His grip strength increased. The sound of blood vessels bursting echoed,
and his eyelashes turned red with blood.
'My neck...'
Shirone intended to break Zion's neck.
Despite Armand's physical enhancement abilities, the sound of Zion's
neck twisting and creaking could be heard. Zion shuddered in fear and wet himself.
"Ze-Zenogor..."
He called out desperately, but there was no response. Realizing that
Zion had no chance of survival, Zenogor had fled to warn the family of Teraje's impending
retaliation.
"This is really annoying. It still won't break. Is my body too
weak?"
The avatar, integrated with Behemoth, forcibly expanded Shirone's
consciousness. While the power of his magic increased, it also brought excruciating pain as if his brain
was being torn apart.
Suffocating Zion would mean the object would absorb the oxygen, and
breaking his neck required more strength than Shirone had. It was frustrating in every way.
Shirone's words struck fear into Zion.
After experiencing something akin to a near-death experience, the world
looked different. Nothing was more valuable than life.
"If you kill me..."
Zion squeezed out his last bit of strength to shout.
"If you kill me, you won't survive either! I am the son of
Teraje!"
At the same time, Shirone threw Zion to the other side.
Zion rolled on the floor, clutching his neck and making choking sounds.
Water and saliva flowed from his eyes, nose, and mouth.
Shirone clicked his tongue as he rubbed his wrist. His ligaments seemed
to have stretched, causing significant pain.
He couldn't break Zion's neck with his own body. While he was quite
satisfied in the mental realm, he hadn't paid much attention to physical enhancement.
As Shirone approached, Zion shuddered.
Having narrowly escaped death, his mind was spinning. The reason Shirone
spared him was because he mentioned the name Teraje.
'Well, even a psycho would be scared. How would he handle the aftermath
if he killed me?'
Contrary to Zion's expectations, Shirone wasn't scared or thinking
seriously. He was just recalling a memorable incident from long ago.
"Teraje, huh. It's been a while since I heard that name. That woman
is quite interesting too. So... what about Teraje?"
"I told you, I'm Teraje's son. If you kill me, my mother will hunt
you down to the ends of hell and kill you."
Shirone tilted his head.
"What are you talking about? Are you... a woman?"
"Hmph! I know the rules of female lineage! But blood is blood! My
sister likes me too! If you touch me, all of Teraje's forces will hunt you down."
"Pfft..."
Shirone's lips quivered as air escaped.
"Puhahaha! Puhahaha!"