Chapter 313:
The Wheel of Causality(5)
Eliza's sneer froze.
"Your Majesty, I don't know what happened that day. All I could see
was the knife stuck in my blood-soaked son's stomach. I couldn't think of anything else, and I ended up
committing an unforgivable rudeness to you."
Eliza gripped the armrest of her chair tightly.
"Hmph! How shameless! Well, commoners might think you're right! All
they have are their emotions! But I think differently! You almost turned your son into a
parricide!"
"If it's something Shirone chose, I have to accept it."
"Accept it? That's a very convenient way of thinking. No, it's
cowardly. Shirone tried to kill me. Are you saying I don't even have the right to criticize
him?"
"Parents don't have that right."
Eliza ground her teeth and stood up, looking ready to order an
execution.
Olina continued speaking, her gaze lowered.
"Parents only have the years to teach their children not to do such
things."
Eliza's mind went blank. She wanted to think of something, but her
thoughts were as white as a blank sheet of paper, and she sank back into her chair.
"Your Majesty, I have been by Shirone's side for 18 years. So now,
no matter what my son does, it's all my fault. Please punish me."
Parents don't have the right to reject their children's decisions. But
they are given countless years to ensure such decisions are never made.
Tears welled up in Eliza's eyes. She didn't have that. The moment she
abandoned her child, that precious time disappeared as well.
The silence of the Grand Hall was broken by a guard's
announcement.
"Your Majesty, Shirone requests an audience."
Olina turned to the door in surprise.
Orkamp had also heard that they didn't know when Shirone would regain
consciousness. After a moment of thought, he gave a solemn order.
"Let him in."
Shirone, looking haggard, walked in along the red carpet. Behind him
were Amy, Reina, and Vincent. Vincent sighed in relief upon seeing Olina unharmed.
"So, what is it? You don't look well. If it's not urgent, we can
talk after you've rested."
Shirone hesitated to speak. Having rushed here as soon as he regained
consciousness, he didn't think he could raise his voice much.
He approached Orkamp as closely as possible and spoke bluntly.
"I will leave the castle immediately."
Amy, Reina, and his parents turned their heads in shock.
Even when he insisted on meeting Orkamp as soon as he woke up, they
hadn't expected him to announce his departure so quickly.
"I realized something while I was here. From this moment on, aside
from my parents who are with me, I have no other parents."
It was a vow Shirone made for life, a declaration to sever all ties with
Kazra.
Orkamp, deep in thought, finally spoke.
"I permit it."
This time, everyone's eyes turned to Orkamp.
But he showed no particular emotion, as if he had already prepared for
this. He simply met Shirone's gaze calmly.
"Reina, please prepare the carriage. I'll go back to my room and
pack."
Shirone didn't look back once as he left the Grand Hall. It was clear
how much he detested the place.
Reina glanced at Eliza. With Orkamp's permission, she hoped to quietly
resolve Olina's matter as well.
As she turned to leave with the group, Eliza's cold voice stopped
her.
"Where do you think you're going? We still have unresolved
matters."
Olina frowned and turned around. Her heart was pounding, but she didn't
want to show any weakness now.
"The reason I called you is that I haven't decided on your
punishment. I thought about executing you, but that wouldn't satisfy me. At first, I considered blinding
you or cutting out your tongue."
Vincent's face turned red with anger. If they did such a thing, he was
ready to escape with Olina, even if it meant dying here.
"But that didn't satisfy me either. So I thought about it and came
up with the perfect punishment. And that is..."
Everyone held their breath, waiting for her to continue. Eliza,
observing their reactions with sleepy eyes, finally spoke.
"Just letting you go."
"...What?"
Amy asked reflexively. The others were equally puzzled.
"If I harmed you, Shirone would always look to you. That bothered
me. So I'm letting you go. I want you to live your life constantly comparing yourself to me, the queen,
and feeling envy and jealousy until your dying breath."
Everyone was speechless. It was a vicious way of thinking, regardless of
the severity of the punishment.
Eliza, who had been radiating murderous intent, soon looked exhausted
and rummaged through her clothes.
"But just in case, though it's unlikely, if you managed to convince
me, I thought I should give you this. And... you won."
A crumpled piece of paper rolled from Eliza's hand to the floor.
Olina picked it up and slowly unfolded it. It was the official document
with the results of Orkamp and Shirone's paternity test. Having taught Shirone to read, she could
understand most of it, except for some difficult terms.
She quickly skimmed through the complex experimental details and focused
on the most important result. Everyone's eyes were on the document, unable to wait any longer.
The blood samples of Client 1 and Client 2 were dissolved in oxytamine
and kept in a vacuum state for three days. No changes in color, concentration, or sediment were
observed. Therefore, based on the negative oxytamine reaction, it is concluded that Client 1 (Orkamp)
and Client 2 (Shirone) are not biologically related.
"Oh my..."
Orkamp and Shirone were not father and son. Biologically, they were
complete strangers.
Amy looked at Orkamp. She finally understood why he had been so
indifferent earlier.
"How is this possible?"
"I don't know. And I don't need to. There's a zero percent chance
of tampering, so don't worry. Anyway, he's not my son, so take the document. You might need
it."
Eliza added.
"Shirone doesn't know yet. Whether you tell him the truth or not is
up to you. Considering your rudeness two days ago, I would prefer to remain Shirone's real mother
forever, but I'll forgive you this time, thinking you did what I should have done."
Olina looked up in surprise.
Maybe it was her imagination, but it seemed like Eliza smiled for a
moment.
"Go back now. Shirone is your son."
The third basement floor of Kazra Castle was a dungeon where many
political prisoners were taken during times of internal turmoil. They hadn't seen sunlight for decades
and likely never would.
Some nobles married their torturers. Gender didn't matter. It was a love
that transcended the barriers of sex, a pure union between living beings, at least in their
minds.
What did it matter? To them, the end of the world was the walls of the
dungeon. And this place was a completely isolated society from the human world.
Uorin walked on the dirt floor, filled with the smell of pus. Numerous
underground creatures scattered as she walked. They were the daily food for the isolated
prisoners.
"Uuuuh. Uuuuh."
Strange sounds leaked from the doors installed in the walls. It sounded
like pain, but also like pleasure. It sounded like crying, but somehow, it felt like they were
laughing.
The Kingdom of Kazra had neglected this place for five years.
Now, they were useless lives, but someone might have endured the torture
and held dangerous information, waiting for the right moment. There was no need to bring them to the
surface and create trouble. It was best to let them rot away forever.
Uorin recalled a novel her predecessor had read 80 years ago.
The protagonist was a child born in a dungeon that had been neglected
for 70 years.
The novel depicted the dungeon as an ant society. Women were valued for
giving birth, and male children were used as food or became slaves for life.
The protagonist was born as Food 141. But with the help of the oldest
man in the dungeon, he became a slave.
The old man was a top noble 70 years ago, the only one who knew the
outside world. Knowing his life was short, he passed all his knowledge to the protagonist.
When the protagonist turned fifteen, a rebellion broke out in the
kingdom. The dungeon was opened for the first time in 85 years, and the protagonist escaped to the
outside world, quelled the rebellion, and became king.
Uorin smiled.
A novel is just a novel, but who knows? Maybe Zion would experience such
a miracle and escape this place.
When Uorin found Zion in the food storage, he was barely alive, relying
on Armand's recovery program.
He would have died if left alone. And perhaps, that would have been
happier for him.
Zion wouldn't know who saved him. Who ordered the torture as soon as he
regained consciousness. Who threw him into the dungeon after he confessed what happened in Shirone's
mind.
Zion sat in a makeshift wooden cell.
He knew how miserable the dungeon was. His eyes were swollen from crying
all night, and he looked dazed, like someone who had lost his mind.
Hearing footsteps, he instinctively curled up. But when he saw Uorin's
face in the dim torchlight, he brightened and clung to the bars.
"Uorin! Here, here! Get me out! Where have you been? Some weird
guys tortured me and threw me in here!"
Despite Zion's whining like a child asking for milk, Uorin felt no
maternal affection.
Her son's abilities didn't manifest in him. To her, a self-replicating
being, her son was just an empty shell resembling her in appearance.
Zion's face was a mess from the torture. The places where he had been
hit were covered in scabs, and his eyes were bruised. His ribs were broken and wrapped in
bandages.
Despite his difficulty moving, his frantic behavior showed how
terrifying the dungeon was.
"You look terrible. How did you end up like this,
brother?"
Zion's eyes lit up when he saw the sword Uorin was carrying.
Even though it was sheathed, the hilt was unmistakably that of the . It
was clear she had brought it to help him escape.
"Damn it! I won't let that bastard get away with this. Shirone is
still in the castle, right? No matter, I'll find him and kill him."
Zion reached out through the bars to grab Armand.
Uorin took a step back. When Zion looked at her in confusion, she smiled
and showed him the prison key.
"What? I've already been released? You should have told me
sooner."
As soon as the lock was opened, Zion eagerly pushed the door and stepped
out of the cell. At the same time, Uorin grabbed his neck and shoved him back inside.
"Ugh...!"
Zion slumped to the ground, his head hitting the wall. Uorin leaned in,
still holding his neck.
"Do you still not understand the situation, you pathetic
human?"
"U-Uorin...! Why are you doing this...!"
"Do you know why I didn't kill you?"
Zion was one of the few who had reached the first level of Shirone's
deep mind. He had already revealed much, but he might still be useful someday.
"You must not reveal anything you have seen, heard, or experienced.
If you even think of something, I will destroy your brain. If you try to do anything, I will destroy
your limbs."
Zion realized from Uorin's cold tone that it was like hearing his
mother's icy voice.