Chapter 325:
Second Outing (3)
"This is the Ice Queen. She's as beautiful as the rumors
say."
"800 years ago, it was a time when mages were branded as witches.
In a way, she was a tragic woman."
Amy briefly recounted the story of the Ice Queen.
The Ice Queen was originally a mage.
At that time, the era was dominated by theocracy, so she hid her
identity, but there was no way to hide her beautiful appearance.
When the woman's beauty spread by word of mouth and reached the royal
palace, the old king summoned her. Enchanted at first sight, the king made her his queen.
However, having lived her life pursued by the Holy Order, darkness had
already grown in her heart.
Hundreds of innocent people were subjected to horrific torture and
killed under the pretext of magical experiments.
As more people died, the queen's magical power grew stronger. As her
power grew, the queen went mad.
It is extremely rare for a mage to go mad, as the profession itself
strengthens the mind.
However, if the mind is destroyed for any reason, it results in a
situation far more severe than ordinary mental illness.
As the mind and magic become intertwined, the mage loses control over
their magical power.
Mages call this phenomenon "magical synchronization."
The queen, consumed by madness, froze everything around her.
Her room, adorned with icicles, resembled an ice cave in the
Arctic.
Not only the furniture like the bed and dressing table but also the
maids and servants who attended to her were frozen to death.
As the situation spiraled out of control, the king built a small castle
in the Les Mountains and made her the queen of that place. It was essentially an exile.
But even there, the queen's bizarre behavior did not stop.
The first subjects of her experiments were dozens of attendants. When
they all died, she captured commoners and continued her cruel experiments.
After a year, no one was left in the small castle in the Les
Mountains.
But the queen was satisfied. She had finally reached the level she
desired after long experiments.
"I will sleep in a place where even time is frozen. When I return,
the world will kneel at my feet."
The queen cast her final spell, encasing herself in a massive block of
ice.
This was the story behind the last appearance of the Ice Queen that
Shirone was looking at.
"Hmm, I see."
Shirone moved a little closer to the Ice Queen.
Hearing the story made it feel more real. The figure with closed eyes in
hibernation truly seemed like someone from 800 years ago.
Amy concluded the story.
"Perhaps she was tormented by guilt even as her mind was destroyed.
That's why she devoted herself to a spell that would freeze even herself."
"That could be. If it's true, it's really impressive."
A mage cannot die from their own spell.
While not theoretically impossible, casting a spell that harms oneself
requires a will that transcends omnipotence.
"If the Spirit Zone wavers, the spell won't activate. Ordinary
mages can't even attempt it."
"Hmm, maybe it's closely related to the phenomenon of magical
alignment?"
Shirone stroked his chin, lost in thought.
Amy burst into laughter at his unnecessarily serious demeanor.
"Why so serious? It's just a legend anyway. It's not even clear if
the Ice Queen was a real person. Some say she was modeled after a tyrannical queen of the time. And the
figure in the ice is just a wax doll."
Shirone knew that the winter festival wasn't based on actual
history.
"Yeah. But it really looks real."
Amy also acknowledged the doll's craftsmanship. It was only natural that
they put effort into the festival's main attraction.
Shirone and Amy moved closer to examine the figure of the queen encased
in ice.
At that moment, the Ice Queen's eyes suddenly opened.
"Ahhh! What is that!"
Shirone and Amy simultaneously hugged each other and stepped
back.
Tourists turned their heads at the scream but soon realized what was
happening and chuckled.
Realizing she was in Shirone's arms, Amy quickly pulled away.
Her face flushed with embarrassment, she stomped the floor and
shouted.
"Idiot! There's a mechanism on the floor. If you step on it, the
doll's eyes open."
"Who knew? And you were just as scared."
"Who was scared? It was your loud voice that startled me. Men are
such cowards."
Shirone pointed at Amy's pale face.
"Haha! For someone who wasn't scared, your face is pretty
pale."
"Oh, really? Should I make your face even paler? If you throw up
your guts, it'll look like thin soup."
As Amy approached, rubbing her fist, Shirone averted his gaze and
mumbled while looking at the floor.
"If you were scared, just admit it. You're not a
gangster..."
"What? Gangster? Yeah, I'm a gangster. What are you going to do
about it?"
Amy made a fist and poked Shirone's side. Shirone, feeling a sharp pain
in his ribs, flailed his arms and ran down the corridor.
"Haha! Stop! It tickles!"
"Where do you think you're going? Come here!"
Their voices echoed through the hall.
The tourists didn't pay any attention.
This was a festival, and it was a great date spot for couples.
However, three students from Eins Magic School couldn't take their eyes
off Shirone and Amy after spotting them.
To be precise, they were graduates who had just passed the graduation
exam.
Eins Magic School, one of the two magic schools in Creas, was not as
prestigious as Alpheas Magic School, so it was less well-known.
Moreover, even after graduation, they couldn't automatically obtain a
mage's license like graduates from prestigious schools.
Of course, submitting a diploma would get them a mage's license from
most guilds. But considering the privileges of prestigious school graduates, it was a blow to their
pride.
"That couple over there... they're quite famous, aren't
they?"
Rudvans pointed to the railing with his chin.
Tall and curly-haired, he wore long sunglasses that made him look much
older than his actual age.
"Oh, they are."
Vivian also recognized Shirone and Amy at a glance. She had a complex
about her slightly drooping eyes and drew her eyeliner more fiercely than others.
Like most magic school students, they regularly subscribed to the Spirit
Journal.
While most of the pages were filled with introductions to prestigious
schools and their students, the journal's sales were much higher among non-prestigious schools.
Students from prestigious schools didn't need to buy a book to read
about their own school or their rivals.
"Arian Shirone and Karmis Amy. Oh, come to think of it, Jokre, you
know Amy, right?"
"Of course, I know her very well."
Jokre, the leader of the group, smirked.
Of medium height with messy hair, his narrow eyes and thin lips revealed
a stubborn personality.
For Jokre, Alpheas Magic School was a painful past.
He had attended classes there until he was thirteen before transferring
to Eins Magic School.
Neither Rudvans nor Vivian knew that he had confessed to Amy just before
transferring and was rejected.
Of course, he didn't transfer just because he was rejected by a
girl.
It's no exaggeration to say that the top talents in the kingdom gather
at prestigious schools like Alpheas Magic School.
Ordinary talent would only become fodder for geniuses.
Jokre sought another path through transfer, thinking he couldn't win in
the competition.
In fact, many students at prestigious schools didn't graduate even as
they aged.
In that sense, Jokre's decision was wise.
But in reality, transferring from a prestigious school to a
non-prestigious one was extremely rare.
Prestigious schools had their own pride.
From the students' perspective, seeking another path to avoid
competition seemed like running away.
Before entering magic school, they were all praised as geniuses, so
their high self-esteem played a part.
'Hmph! Prestige and reputation are all just pretense. What's the point
of pride if you can't produce results?'
Jokre always thought that way.
But if asked if he had no regrets about leaving the prestigious school,
he couldn't easily answer.
"Wow. I never thought I'd see those kids here."
Vivian knew almost everything about Shirone and Amy. She could
confidently say she knew more about their school life than their families.
It was common for students from non-prestigious schools. The students
featured in the Spirit Journal were their goals and idols.
"That boy is Shirone. He's the one who defeated Dante, who boasts
an undefeated record. And there's Karmis Amy, the Red-Eyed. The rumors about them being a couple must be
true."
The word "couple" drove a nail into Jokre's heart. Even after
five years, seeing Amy made his heart race, which only made him angrier.
"They're just students. Clinging to prestige, they fail their
graduation exams. Pathetic. No need to feel intimidated. We're official mages."
Jokre muttered to himself.
'Although we haven't received our licenses yet...'
Anyway, he was no longer the snot-nosed Jokre of thirteen. He had
proudly graduated from magic school and was now in the process of becoming an official mage.
Meanwhile, Amy had failed her graduation exam, so when would he get
another chance to gloat?
"Let's go. We should at least say hello since it's been a
while."
Following Jokre, Rudvans added with his usual expressionless
face.
"Of course, from the position of seniors, right?"
Unaware of Jokre's approach, Shirone was cornered at the end of the
1.5-floor corridor, being playfully attacked by Amy.
"Haha! Okay! I was wrong! Stop it!"
"Funny. This is just the beginning!"
Amy, in a playful mood, persistently poked Shirone's ribs, hitting the
sensitive spots.
Shirone's laughter exploded like a bomb.
"Hmm? That voice sounds familiar."
A young boy, who had been looking around the history exhibition on the
third floor, turned his head towards the railing.
From his high vantage point, he could see Shirone and Amy playing around
on the 1.5th floor where the Ice Queen was displayed.
"Are they here on a date?"
It seemed that Shirone had brought Amy to cheer her up after she failed
her graduation exam.
The boy watched them for a moment before turning away
indifferently.
'Well, it's none of my business. I should mind my own.'
He was naturally disinterested in other people's affairs, especially
when it came to getting involved in relationships.
'Where is the antique exhibition?'
Sipping on his iced coffee, the boy disappeared into the depths of the
exhibition hall.
After their playful tussle, Shirone and Amy went up to the second
floor.
At the end of the broken castle wall, a rainbow bridge made of ice
connected to the opposite tower.
"Wow, it's beautiful."
The decorations on the railing were intricately crafted, and standing at
the center of the arch, they could see the ice garden spread out across the ruins.
Crossing the rainbow bridge to the opposite tower, they found a
mini-game area.
The game involved knocking down targets of soldier figures standing on
the opposite watchtower, using snowballs that were plentifully available.
"Come on, come on! Try your luck. Ten snowballs for ten silver.
Knock down a soldier and win an Ice Queen plush doll."
Hearing the announcer's explanation, Shirone glanced at the Ice Queen
doll in the prize corner.
It was a three-headed doll that could be hugged, with large, sparkling
eyes and a bright smile.
It was a completely different atmosphere from the legendary witch he had
heard about in the story.