Chapter 337:
Wave of Laws (2)
The Ice Queen slowly raised her hand and spoke.
"Weak humans, kneel before me."
The tourists applauded and enjoyed the Ice Queen's serious tone.
"Nice voice! Sounds convincing!"
"Hey, Queen! Look over here. How about shaking hands with the Ice
Queen... Ugh!"
The man suddenly grabbed his neck and knelt down.
The same thing happened to people simultaneously.
Their faces turned red as if they were about to burst. They desperately
tried to breathe, but their breathing became increasingly rough.
Only Shirone's party was standing normally.
Shirone observed the changes in people. A necklace with conical spikes
was now around their necks.
Liria frowned and muttered.
"Is that a Dharma Wheel...?"
The Dharma Wheel is an exorcism tool of the Exorcism Council that
embodies the principles of law in its form, and its effectiveness is maximized the closer it is to a
perfect circle.
The Dharma Wheels available to the public were mere imitations, at best
promoting mental stability.
However, the official Dharma Wheels possessed by exorcists could only be
manufactured by a craftsman who had reached the state of Nirvana.
To Liria, the Dharma Wheels around people's necks seemed genuine.
Although the perfection of the circle couldn't be distinguished by the
eye, seasoned exorcists could sense the nature of the circle with their inner eye.
"A Dharma Wheel of Restraint. This is not from this world. Be
careful. If you get caught in the wave of law, you'll end up like that."
As the people affected by the wave of law lost strength in their legs
and knelt, the Dharma Wheels loosened, and air finally entered their throats.
Rough breathing was heard from all around.
"Ugh! Ugh! What is this? Who put this necklace on me?"
"Hey! Someone please take this off!"
Jocre watched the terrified people with a shiver running down his
spine.
The form of the Dharma Wheel was implemented from the Ice Queen's unique
memory, but the way it choked people's necks was his strategy.
The Ice Queen can change the rules of the world.
He wasn't sure if it was possible to this extent, but seeing everyone
kneeling confirmed it.
The legend of the Ice Queen, who dominated the era 800 years ago, was
entirely true.
"It's done! It's really done! I can't believe this day has come for
me."
At this rate, ruling the world wasn't just a dream.
Moreover, she didn't remember anything from the past, possibly due to
her 800-year hibernation.
The mage who once terrified the world had become a child who could be
coaxed with a piece of candy.
"The Ice Queen will be mine."
After sorting out this place, he planned to gently coax the Ice Queen to
make her his woman.
It was strange to date someone over 800 years old, but she seemed likely
to fall for it, and above all, she was beautiful.
Even compared to Amy, who had coldly rejected him five years ago, she
was not lacking in appearance.
Lost in such delusions, the Ice Queen turned to Jocre and asked.
"Is this how it's done?"
Jocre smiled satisfactorily at the Ice Queen's attitude of relying on
him, asking about even the smallest things.
But he still needed to be careful not to offend her, so he bowed his
head and answered as if addressing a real queen.
"Yes. Everyone will obey you, Your Majesty."
Liria realized that most elements of the Ice Queen's personality were
influenced by Jocre.
"Is it as the prophecy said...?"
As with most descent myths, this time too, the Ice Queen would meet one
human and plunge the world into the abyss of evil.
Shirone looked at the grim scene of hundreds of people kneeling with a
horrified expression.
"What is this? It doesn't seem like magic."
It was a natural question for someone who didn't know the law.
It's not equivalent exchange.
There was no way to put a choking Dharma Wheel on hundreds of people
just because they didn't follow orders.
Even the irregularities of the Fairy Chief of Heaven, Igirin, weren't
this bizarre.
Dante, who had no time to explain, spoke briefly.
"It's called the power of law. Be careful. That woman can change
the rules of the world."
"Change the rules?"
The first thing Shirone thought of was the Akashic Records.
But no being could twist the rules on such a grand scale unless they
were an infinite mage.
Then there was only one possibility.
It was the Akashic Records from the beginning.
"Some kind of... conceptual entity?"
Liria turned her head with wide eyes.
It was impossible for anyone other than a spiritual practitioner to
understand the essence of a spirit dedicated to a human body.
"This child knows the law..."
Most people live without knowing that the world moves according to the
rules of the whole.
It was surprising that Shirone knew the mechanism of the law, which was
passed down to only a few even in the shrine.
"That's right. It was a spiritual entity that couldn't be ranked
from the beginning. It's called a demigod phenomenon. It's impossible for you to defend against it
without knowing the law. Stay close to me."
Amy raised her fist and shouted at Jocre.
"You! What are you plotting?"
"Hahaha! Plotting? Do you still think this is a joke? We will
conquer the world."
"Stop talking nonsense! Do you really want to get hit?"
Jocre sneered and conveyed to the people.
"Everyone, worship the Queen. If you don't obey, the Queen's law
will kill you."
As the Dharma Wheels tightened around their necks, the terrified people
touched the ground with their hands and choked.
Then they shouted in squeezed voices.
"Long live the Queen!"
"We will follow the Queen!"
As the faces of those who worshipped the Queen returned to a calm state,
Shirone finally realized the seriousness of the situation.
Even Jocre's orders were being enforced by the law. Unlike logically
designated magic, the law was a process of readjusting the balance of the whole.
As the voices praising the Ice Queen pierced the sky, Jocre tasted a
pleasure he had never felt before.
It was as if they were all worshipping him.
"How about it? This is my power. If you come under me now, you
won't end up like that."
Jocre expected Shirone's party to tremble, but contrary to his
expectations, no one moved and they were watching the situation.
Dante, with his hands in his pockets, walked out crookedly.
"Hey, you. Are you out of your mind? Do you know what you're doing
right now?"
"Ha! Do you think I'm crazy? Not at all! Can't you see the state of
the people? You'll end up like that too."
"You almost killed hundreds of people just now."
Jocre's face turned pale.
"Do you know what it means to rule the world? Can you really take
responsibility for that statement?"
"Ugh...!"
Jocre couldn't answer.
Becoming the ruler of the world was an ambition every man might have had
at least once. But in reality, he was just one human who didn't want to go to prison or die.
The Ice Queen can change the rules. So if you put a leash on them, they
will obey orders because they don't want to die.
That was the extent of Jocre's calculated thoughts.
But what if they refused?
They would all become corpses with broken necks.
Of course, no one in the world wanted to die, but once he imagined it,
an unbearable fear surged in.
"Can I really conquer the world?"
Maybe he was temporarily insane, as Dante said.
While he was thinking that, Vivian's voice was heard.
"Hmph! So what? According to our words, no one will die! Then the
first victims will be you!"
Jocre turned to Vivian with a blank expression. Her eyes had completely
changed overnight.
"Did you think you would always be the protagonists of the world?
We are the ones controlling this situation now!"
"Vivian..."
Jocre realized by looking at Vivian.
She was ready to lose everything to seize the one chance that came in
her life.
Yes, there was no turning back. Once you come this far, you have to see
it through to the end, no matter what.
Great ventures require courage.
Regaining his composure, Jocre extended his hand and walked out.
"Kneel, Amy. And apologize to me. Otherwise, I will kill everyone
here."
People, shocked by Jocre's words, raised their heads. They already felt
the Dharma Wheels tightening around their necks.
"Hey! Kneel! We're really going to die!"
"Damn kids! Do as you're told! Apologize!"
The tourists didn't care what Shirone's party had done wrong to
Jocre.
If they didn't obey, everyone would die.
Even if they had done nothing wrong, it was only right to obey
Jocre.
"Apologize! Beg them for forgiveness! I have a family! It's
nothing!"
"Please save me! Do as they say!"
Shirone's party didn't move.
If they gave up the initiative here, they would have to follow Jocre's
party's intentions in the future.
Amy glared at Jocre with cold eyes.
"Why me? Why do you want my apology? Because I didn't accept your
feelings?"
Jocre's face turned red as Amy hit the mark.
There was no trace of her flustered appearance at the skating rink. This
was a battlefield, and caring about personal feelings was a luxury.
"It works. That guy really wants an apology from me because of
that? How foolish..."
Provoking Jocre wouldn't necessarily lead to a good solution, but to
create variables, they had to shake the opponent.
As planned, Jocre couldn't hide his embarrassment. He was furious that
his narrow-mindedness had been exposed.
"Shut up! If you don't follow my orders, everyone will die! Do you
really not care if everyone here dies?"
Dante spoke.
"If people die, it's because you killed them. We didn't do
anything. You can live your life as a murderer on the run."
Dante was sincere.
For a mage, distinguishing between good and evil isn't that important.
In a situation with no solution, it was better to sacrifice people than to head towards the worst-case
scenario.
"Amy, you don't need to be swayed by that guy's words. He doesn't
have the guts."
Jocre shouted threateningly.
"Hmph! Really? Will you really kill them? Go ahead!"
Terrified people hurled insults at Amy.
"You damn girl! Are you really going to kill us all? Kneel and
apologize!"
"Please save me! We're all going to die like this!"
Amy bit her lip.
Her judgment wasn't different from Dante's. Even if they complied with
the opponent's demands, greater demands would follow.
But being singled out, with hundreds of lives depending on her decision,
made her blood run cold.
"Let's buy some time. I'll do as you say."
As Amy approached, Jocre's lips curled up.
'Of course, what could she do to resist?'
At that moment, Shirone grabbed Amy's shoulder. When Amy turned around
with a surprised expression, Jocre's eyes flared.
"What are you doing? Do you want to protect your lover's pride even
if everyone dies?"
Shirone didn't bother to deny it.
"Yes. Amy has no reason to follow your words."
Jocre's face twisted.
Is this what they call a mage's cold rationality?
No, it's arrogance.
Valuing a lover's pride over the lives of hundreds of people is not
acceptable.