Chapter 363:
Magic Society (9)
Shirone continued his relentless assault, swinging his blades blindly.
Gaold, calmly dodging each attack, smirked.
'Correct. He got the first question right.'
Shirone wasn't holding back his magic; he simply couldn't use it. Gaold
had only one chance to attack, but that one chance would almost certainly kill Shirone.
'Attack magic is out! I have to block it no matter what!'
If Gaold was serious, he wouldn't wait for Ataraxia to be completed.
Shirone would die before that. Thus, all his attacks were feints. Instead, he focused all his attention
on Gaold's reactions.
'When? When will it be?'
Parallel processing allowed him to complete two spells simultaneously,
but there was no room to equip Photon Cannon in the remaining slot besides Ataraxia. He had to dodge the
Air Gun. Failure meant death.
'...That's what he's thinking.'
It was as if Shirone's thoughts were audible.
It was the best judgment, but there was one miscalculation: assuming the
power and speed of the Air Gun would be the same as before.
'Did you really think you could block it? That's a bit
unfortunate.'
Gaold had no intention of going easy on Shirone. He had given him two
chances and set a rule allowing only one counterattack. With this balance, Shirone's survival was
entirely up to him. If he couldn't win, he would die.
Just before Ataraxia was completed, Gaold extended his finger.
'Goodbye, Shirone.'
At the same time, Armand, waiting to respond to a single reaction,
struck the ground with its tendrils and retreated.
But that was also within Gaold's expectations.
'This will be on a different level.'
Without giving the same leeway as before, Gaold compressed the air and
fired the Air Gun. The air bullet flew at an incredible speed with a sound like shattering metal.
Shirone couldn't see or feel it. That was the limit of a human who
couldn't open the schema. But he had another escape route: imagination.
He had pre-designed a binary choice. If Gaold attacked before Ataraxia
was completed, it meant he intended to kill him. Therefore, there was only one place to defend.
'Dark Sphere!'
A black sphere formed in front of Shirone's face. It was a spell he
couldn't reach even through Behemoth's forced rebound, but with the power of mental transcendence, a
small gravity field was created.
The Air Gun, aimed at his forehead, was sucked into the darkness with a
whoosh.
Although he had a record of consuming a ton of plants in Kazra, Gaold's
Air Gun was on a different level. The black sphere, unable to handle the energy, exploded with a
shockwave in front of Shirone's eyes.
"Ugh!"
Armand's robe instantly hardened to protect its master. Shirone, blown
away by the impact, planted his tendrils into the ground and leaped sideways. Ataraxia, now completed,
was shining brilliantly.
'Magic Amplification!'
Shirone extended his hands, focusing on the two magic amplification orbs
in his palms. A powerful Photon Cannon was born, creating small bubbles of light around it.
'Now, Immortal Function!'
The Photon Cannon rapidly expanded, pushing the air around it. The
golden light vibrated wildly, leaving afterimages on the onlookers' retinas.
'Mental Transcendence!'
As he pushed the mass to its limit, the photon mass, as large as a human
torso, shook violently enough to be seen with the naked eye. The noise of the mass's chaotic rotation
was louder than thunder.
Flu's face turned pale.
By the rules, Gaold could no longer attack Shirone. Conversely,
Shirone's Photon Cannon was far more powerful than the first casting.
'How can he compress light to that extent?'
Shirone, still unsatisfied, furrowed his brow even more.
'A little more! Just a little more...!'
Gaold couldn't attack him anyway. He would either dodge or block it. So,
he had to make it impossible to dodge.
"Ahhhhh!"
Pouring everything he had, a white sphere reminiscent of a supernova was
born. It was amplified to the extreme through Ataraxia. The entire bunker would likely be filled with
energy.
Gaold muttered with a bitter smile.
"Damn it..."
Flash!
A massive wave of light pushed out in all directions.
Even Kangnan's group, standing behind Ataraxia, turned their heads from
the blinding flash that could burn their retinas. The shape was visible even with their eyes
closed.
But Shirone could see. Thanks to Armand blocking 98% of the light
entering his eyes.
Then, a déjà vu-like scene unfolded before him. The edges of the light
quickly tightened, and the unimaginable atmospheric pressure trapped the Photon Cannon's energy in the
Vacuum Press.
"Ughhhh!"
Gaold grimaced and tightened the Vacuum Press even more. Finally, the
energy stabilized, gathering into a small sphere of light no larger than his palm.
Shirone was stunned.
'Is that man... really human?'
Gaold, bent over like a beast, let his arms hang down. His hair was
completely bleached white. As he clenched his fist, the Vacuum Press burst, and the Photon Cannon
vanished.
"Whew. That was close."
Shirone wasn't the only one surprised. Even Flu and Gando, who had been
assisting Gaold, had never seen his hair turn white.
Gaold remained bent over for a long time. Then he looked at Shirone and
smiled.
"...You pass."
"He's already fainted."
Kangnan adjusted his glasses and walked to the center of the
bunker.
Shirone lay on the ground as if dead. Although using Ataraxia no longer
caused him to lose consciousness, this demonstration was undoubtedly his best effort.
"Heh, he really gave it his all. Well, fine."
Gaold shook his numb arm a few times, then picked up the cord on the
floor and slung it over his shoulder.
Kangnan stared at Gaold's bleached hair. This Vacuum Press had been
Gaold's sincere effort. Hence, Shirone passed.
"You should dye your hair. It looks even older now."
"Leave it. It'll grow back. Isn't bleaching trendy these
days?"
"So I've heard. But your face isn't trendy, Chairman."
"Hahaha!"
Gaold laughed heartily and headed for the elevator.
As he pressed the button, he turned to Flu.
"Hey, kid."
"Y-Yes!"
Flu, tense, stood at attention and answered.
She thought she knew Gaold well after two years, but she was mistaken.
The Gaold she knew wasn't the real one.
Gaold pointed his chin at the fallen Shirone and said,
"Take him and let him rest. Bring him to my room when he wakes
up."
"Yes! Understood!"
That was all the interest Gaold showed in Flu.
Flu looked at him with sad eyes.
She had cried, snot and tears streaming, shouting her respect. It was
the greatest courage of her life. But it seemed to have no effect on Gaold. Or maybe it was already
forgotten.
"Flu."
Gando placed a hand on Flu's shoulder.
"I'll take Shirone."
"N-No, I should do it."
"Men are heavy. You can't use magic on the first
floor."
Gando entered the bunker, lifted Shirone's arm, and skillfully turned
his body to carry him on his back.
Flu, watching for a long time, heard Gando's voice.
"You were impressive, Flu."
It didn't take long for Flu to understand Gando's words. A thin smile
appeared on her tearful face.
"Thank you."
Shirone opened his eyes. His head throbbed for a moment, but then he
felt refreshed.
He was in the recovery room of the Magic Association. The capsule he lay
in had a glass ceiling and a cozy cushion.
As Shirone blinked a few times, the glass ceiling slid open with a
clunk. Flu's worried face appeared in the narrow view.
"How are you? Feeling better?"
"Ah, yes. What happened?"
"You lost consciousness in the bunker. That's what happens when you
overuse magic. Next time, even if it means reducing the Spirit Zone, increase the density. It'll prevent
brain overload."
Flu's voice was gentle, unlike before. It felt awkward for Shirone, but
he could see the sadness in her eyes, so he didn't show it.
"Yes, thank you."
Shirone sat up.
Capsules like the one he was in were lined up in rows. Most had their
glass ceilings open, but someone was sleeping in a corner.
Flu glanced over and said,
"That's the duty officer. Sleep capsules enhance mental activity.
But don't overdo it. They're not perfect."
Shirone got out of the capsule and stretched. He felt refreshed, as if
he had slept deeply.
"How long has it been?"
"Two hours. Your recovery is faster than expected. I thought it
would take six hours."
Shirone, satisfied with his mental endurance, stretched his body. Then
he glanced at Flu. There was an inexplicable distance between them compared to a few hours ago.
"Um..."
"Follow me. The Chairman is looking for you."
Before he could speak, Flu walked towards the exit. Shirone followed her
to the elevator. As they waited, she checked the floor number and said,
"In case you didn't hear, you passed."
Having fainted right after casting the Photon Cannon, Shirone hadn't
heard Gaold's words. But seeing Flu's dejected look, he had somewhat expected it.
"Thank you."
"You don't need to thank me. You'll be going to heaven with the
Chairman."
Flu stated what she knew.
From now on, Shirone would be privy to top-level secrets she could never
access. There was no need to be cautious anymore.
"And we'll be the second string. Neither I nor Gando will directly
assist Gaold. It must be an incredibly high-level operation."
Flu looked back at Shirone.
"I don't know exactly what the mission is, but Gaold said it's a
project he's dedicated his life to. If there are collaborators, they'll be the best mages, and it will
be an elite group. You're part of that."
Shirone felt a pang of guilt, realizing what Flu was implying. Being
able to work with someone as powerful as Gaold was the highest honor for a mage.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you."
Ataraxia was a secret Shirone had mastered at the risk of his life. But
there were many mages in the world willing to risk their lives to reach a higher level. He couldn't
claim superiority.
Flu smiled and shook her head.
Honestly, she had looked down on Shirone, thinking he was chosen by
Gaold because of some magic he had acquired from someone else. It hurt her pride.
But after seeing him face Gaold in the bunker, her perspective changed.
Flu was willing to die for Gaold, but she didn't have the guts to risk her life like Shirone did.
"Don't think that way. You deserve the Chairman's
recognition."
Hearing this from Flu felt different than hearing it from anyone else.
The time they had spent bickering as mentor and mentee flashed before his eyes.
Feeling Shirone's sweet gaze, Flu recoiled with a disgusted expression.
Quickly regaining her usual demeanor, she pointed at him as if striking an enemy breaching the defense
line.
"But you're not there yet! While Ataraxia's power is impressive,
you need to refine it to mitigate the risks. A true mage can handle countless unpredictable
situations."
Shirone didn't take her words lightly. Flu's skill, proven by subduing
vampires in Gold City, was certainly worthy of her position in the Magic Association.
"Yes. I'll do my best, senpai."
"Hmph!"
The elevator doors opened with a clear electronic chime.