Chapter 404:
Shirone's team gathered at the park for the first time in a while to
discuss their plans for the vacation.
If the second half of the final year was going to be more intense than
the first, it was best to start preparing strategies now.
"Last year, I trained alone, but I found out that some students
formed teams. So, I was thinking, why don't we form a group and do a training camp
together?"
Amy, who had experienced the final year, suggested this, and the friends
were considering it positively.
Iruki raised a point of concern, holding up a finger.
"Of course, having a team is advantageous for tasks like capturing
high ground or combat. But you know, only ten people will pass. Even if we form a team, we'll have to
compete against each other to be in the final ten. So, how much information should we
share?"
If you had a trump card, it was natural to want to keep it until the
final exam.
It was a problem that needed to be addressed clearly, as it was almost a
miracle for all five members to pass.
Amy wasn't unaware of this issue.
"I thought the same until last year. But we don't have to use the
entire vacation. We can gather for basic training first, and then each of us can research our special
moves individually."
Amy argued that building teamwork might increase their chances of
passing more than researching special moves alone.
The reason was that the current controller of the final year was Fermi,
and all of Shirone's group had been marked by him.
Since they couldn't predict what might happen on the day of the final
exam, sticking together was the only way to reduce variables.
"I think Amy is right."
Nade was all for it.
He didn't care much about the final exam, but training with friends was
far more enjoyable than enduring a few months at his dreadful home.
"How about this? We do a short-term training camp for about a
month, using the final year's system. We set daily goals and score ourselves."
Iruki nodded in agreement.
"Maintaining the final year's routine is a good idea. It will help
us achieve more in a short time, and we can use the remaining time to train our special moves
individually."
While various opinions were being presented, Shirone remained silent,
just taking in the faces of his friends.
Nothing had been decided yet, but he felt a strange sensation.
If he had to recall something in his last moments, it would probably be
the faces of the friends gathered here.
"Huh? Maya, are you sick?"
Shirone asked in surprise, looking at Maya last.
Maya didn't look well. Her face was pale as if she was scared, and her
chest was heaving as if she was having trouble breathing.
Nade, noticing Maya's condition late, asked worriedly, "Are you
okay, Maya? Should we take you to the infirmary?"
Maya quickly shook her head.
Then, as if she had just regained her memory, she suddenly looked up and
turned to Shirone.
"Shirone."
"Yes?"
"I love you."
A silence fell over the park bench.
Nade's mouth was open, and Iruki blinked rapidly. Only Amy waited calmly
for Shirone's reaction.
Shirone swallowed hard, staring intently at Maya.
This time, it wasn't a joke. Her feelings, which had dripped like water
droplets day by day, had now formed a lake in her heart.
"Uh, should we... give you some space?"
Maya shook her head again.
"I don't think I could muster the courage a second time, so I
wanted to say it in front of everyone. I'm sorry, Shirone. But I've come to love you. Please accept my
feelings."
Maya took out a letter from her pocket. It smelled of flowers.
"Will you read it?"
Handing the letter to Shirone, she avoided everyone's gaze and stood up
from the bench.
"I'll hear your answer then."
Leaving those mysterious words, Maya walked away. Nade glanced at Amy,
who still maintained her poker face despite the situation.
Amy leaned over Shirone's shoulder from behind the bench.
"You're lucky. Getting a confession from a girl. What does it
say?"
It would be rude to pass around Maya's heartfelt letter.
But considering the delicate relationship between Shirone and Amy, it
wasn't something that could be easily dismissed.
As Shirone hesitated, Amy smiled and lightly patted his shoulder.
"I'm kidding. Why so serious? You knew Maya liked you."
"No, it's just so sudden..."
"Go to your room and read it alone. Read it two or three times.
Then do what you want. Maya is a good girl. I'll go now. See you tomorrow. Bye."
Amy left without giving Shirone a chance to respond.
Her face was calm, but her voice was angry, and her actions were
awkward.
"Hey, what are you going to do? Do you have someone in
mind?"
Shirone held the letter and looked into the distance.
Amy and Maya. They were such good people that he couldn't bear the
thought of hurting either of them.
"I guess I have to make a decision now."
Maybe Maya's confession was a good thing.
Before discussing grand issues like Heaven or humanity, there were
things he needed to sort out first.
"Nade, Iruki. I need a favor."
The next afternoon.
Shirone entered the principal's office.
Alpheas silently pointed to the bookshelf and opened a secret
door.
As he descended the stairs into the room, he saw both expected and
unexpected people waiting.
The former were Gaold and Flue, the latter were Etella and
Siena.
"Teacher?"
"You've come, Shirone."
Siena didn't look well.
Having heard all about the existence and dangers of Heaven, the
conspirators involved in this incident, and the people connected to it, she couldn't help but be
emotional.
Shirone realized why Gaold had come to Alpheas.
With his limbs cut off, there weren't many people Gaold could ask for
help. A teacher from Alpheas' magic school would be a sufficient force.
"You must have had a hard time alone. Don't worry too much now. The
teachers will protect you."
As a bishop of the Karsis Monastery, Etella wouldn't hesitate to act in
the face of humanity's survival, but Siena's decision was solely for Shirone.
In a global-scale incident, there was no room for Shirone's life,
emotions, or dignity. Siena chose to go to Heaven with the sole intention of protecting her
student.
"Teacher..."
Had he unknowingly felt sorrow?
The days of nightmares, fearing his life would be destroyed by sudden
events and worrying he might be executed by the National Intelligence Service, flashed before his
eyes.
"You're here? I called you to share all the information as per the
contract. Today, we open Istas and meet Miro. We can't talk while in deep meditation, but it's something
we must confirm before going to Heaven."
Gaold's voice was excited.
It would be his first reunion with Miro in 20 years. He also knew it
could be the last day he saw her.
"But is it okay to go like this? There might still be agents
around."
The National Intelligence Service had barricaded Istas and searched the
warehouse to find the "upper floor" where Miro's space-time was said to be.
Although they had left empty-handed, there was still a possibility they
were lurking.
"Hehe, it's fine. We've come this far, it doesn't
matter."
Gaold confidently left the room.
As the most powerful mage in Tormia acted as if there was no problem,
the others followed without complaint.
Crossing the barricade of Istas, they saw ninety-eight warehouses
scattered like dismantled blocks. They were in the highest level of separation and had stopped
functioning.
"Nothing has changed here."
Gaold opened the cover of Istas' control panel.
As he fumbled, unsure of what to touch first, ten National Intelligence
Service agents emerged from behind the building.
"Mikael Gaold, you are under arrest for treason under the Kingdom
Security Act."
Shirone quickly assumed a combat stance.
Realizing the feared situation had become a reality, he understood how
foolish it was to follow Gaold.
Even if he was a first-class grand mage, he had overlooked the fact that
Gaold was fundamentally insane.
How could he have entrusted such an easy decision to Gaold? It was as if
he had been bewitched.
Gaold didn't even look at the agents, still examining the control
panel.
"Hmm, how was this operated? Hey, was it the red
button?"
A cold voice came from behind the agents.
"It's the blue button, you idiot."
The agents parted, and a man walked out.
The moment Shirone saw him, he felt a chill run through his body.
He had slicked-back hair, no eyebrows, and thin, indistinguishable
lips.
The most bizarre thing was his amber eyes. His irises ticked like
clockwork gears.
"Oh, right, it was blue. Getting old makes me
forgetful."
Ignoring Gaold's words, the man walked over to Alpheas. To Shirone, it
looked like he moved with perfect uniform motion.
"How have you been, Principal?"
"Yes. It's been a while, Sein."
"Sein?"
Shirone finally looked away from the agents.
He was one of the founding members of the Paranormal Psychic Science
Research Society that Gaold had mentioned. He was also the one who created Istas' master
equation.
Etella gently touched Shirone's shoulder and pointed to the
agents.
"Shirone, use your synesthesia to examine them."
Following Etella's instruction, Shirone sensed that Sein's spirit zone
was split into tendrils, connecting with all the National Intelligence Service agents.
"Mind control?"
"Yes. And it's top-level mind control."
If they came from the National Intelligence Service, the agents' combat
abilities would be above average. Additionally, due to their professional nature, they would have
undergone resistance training against mental attacks.
A person who could successfully mind control such individuals with a
100% success rate.
Arin had mentioned that achieving this would require concentration
equivalent to 20 times the mental strength of the opponent.
Istas started operating with a hum.
Gaold, who had taken his hand off the blue button, continued to look at
the control panel and introduced Sein to Shirone. This was also part of the contract.
"Sein is a savant and a mental mage. He currently operates under
the alias Snake in the Black Line. Despite appearances, he's a triple-A rated criminal designated by the
Red Line. You might want to get his autograph."
"Black Line?"
Shirone glanced nervously at Sein.
The Black Line was a group that denied the taboos of magic and practiced
magic based solely on personal beliefs.
It was on a different level from simply killing or tormenting
people.
Even the notorious villain Arcane was positioned at the far end of the
Red Line spectrum.
Only someone like Arius of the Magic Seven, who illegally infiltrated
human minds to steal intellectual property, would be classified as a threat capable of collapsing the
social system.
"If you were to name the strongest mental-type mages in the Black
Line, you'd mention two people. One is Guitar Man of the Magic Seven, and the other is Snake. He'll be
giving orders in our team. Of course, I'm the commander, but still."
Sein scoffed.
"You're still full of nonsense. Did playing house at the
association make you a real fool? The only reason someone like you can pretend to be a commander is
because my orders are precise."
'He has a personality similar to Iruki...'
Shirone saw Iruki's arrogance in Sein.
Living with a calculation ability that transcended humans, it seemed
natural for his self-confidence to peak like that.