Chapter 420:
As they entered the command headquarters building and the iron door
closed, the cheers from outside were cut off as if waking from a dream.
The lights on the ceiling of the hallway maintained minimal brightness,
and soldiers stood guard at precise intervals along the path.
Armed with the first stage of the Mecha combat system, they never
glanced at Shirone's group. However, their gaze was intense enough to pierce through walls.
'They're all elite soldiers.'
The Mecha tribe may not have superhuman physical abilities or magical
powers, but they have the technology to compensate for both.
In war, winning is all that matters, so it would be a mistake to think
their power is weak just because their physical strength is.
A colonel guided Shirone's group to an underground bunker.
The bunker's security system was not inferior to the association's
technology, and when the iron door opened, numerous machines were operating.
Technicians were busy moving their hands while monitoring screens, and a
man in a commander's cloak stood with his hands behind his back, observing their work.
"Commander, I've brought Shirone."
At the colonel's words, the commander turned around.
He was a man in his late twenties with a long scar running from his
temple to his ear.
His thin lips were stubbornly closed, and his eyes behind his glasses
showed both coldness and passion.
Rebel 1st Commander Crude.
As Kanya had mentioned, he was a young man.
In war, especially in a situation where defeat seemed imminent, age
didn't matter much.
What soldiers wanted was a commander who combined the bravery to charge
towards death first and the tactical skill to save as many people as possible.
Crude was a man who met those conditions exactly.
A genius pilot who knew everything about the maintenance, driving, and
operation of the Titan, which belonged to the third stage of the Mecha combat system, and a war hero of
the Mecha tribe who had defeated a two-horned Mara.
"Are you Shirone?"
Crude extended his hand to Shirone.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Crude, the 1st Commander of the
rebels."
"I'm Shirone."
Crude carefully observed Shirone's group.
With his extensive combat experience, he recognized their strength at a
glance, but his confident gaze did not waver.
However, when he saw Plu, his gaze lingered for a moment, returning to
the twenty-eight-year-old engineer who had wrestled with machines all his life.
A petite woman with blue hair braided down to her waist, exuding a sharp
and decisive style.
What particularly caught his attention was her eyes. She was the only
one in the group whose eyes were full of determination.
Like a woman warrior going to her first battle.
But that was it.
Crude also knew the story of Shirone, the light of Sector 73, but the
reality of war was too harsh to rely on myths.
"Let's go somewhere quiet."
Crude led everyone to a strategy room deep within the bunker.
Naturally, no tea was served, and they got straight to the point as soon
as they sat down.
"I heard you wanted to meet me?"
Sein sat at the negotiation table as the representative.
"We're going to attack Heaven. We request the cooperation of the
rebel headquarters."
"I refuse."
Crude's answer was immediate.
"I heard there was friction with the battalion commander. Of
course, a soldier whose spirit is broken is useless to us as well, but thinking rationally, there's no
chance of winning a war right now. Thinking that you can attack Heaven just because you subdued giants
who lost their identity is nothing but a delusion."
Sein nodded obediently.
He had been worried after seeing the battalion commander soaked in
defeatism, but the commander was different.
"So, you haven't given up on the war."
"We always leave room for a truce or compromise. I can't let those
who trust and follow me die in vain. But I don't think Heaven sees us as a subject for compromise. If we
have to fight, we must win to survive."
"What if we have a strategy to win?"
"Hmph, nonsense."
Even with the addition of the heretics and the citizens from Heaven, the
tens of thousands of rebels had only a handful of notable victories against Heaven.
The alliance of Nor and Mecha couldn't even capture a three-horned Mara,
let alone a Heavenly Angel. What could a mere ten humans do?
"We will paralyze the Aegis system with Tagis. If we do that, we
can infiltrate Heaven and conduct guerrilla warfare."
The Aegis, Heaven's core air defense system, is an impregnable shield
that determines interception order with two hundred search methods and can attack seven thousand targets
simultaneously.
If they could break through it and enter without bloodshed, it would
bring a ray of hope to the rebels.
"Hahaha."
Crude covered his face and shook with laughter.
"I don't know where you heard about Tagis, but it's already a lost
technology in Mecha."
When he lowered his hand, he was no longer laughing.
"Think logically. There's no way the angels would leave a
technology that can paralyze Heaven's interception system alone. To revive the technology, you'd need to
access the Akashic Records. But to do that, you'd first have to break through the Aegis system. Do you
get it now? The order is reversed, idiot."
Sein leaned back in his chair and crossed his legs.
"What if... I have that technology?"
"What?"
Crude's face went blank.
"What nonsense is that?"
"Just because it's lost in Heaven doesn't mean it's lost in the
land of Earth. I've spent twenty years traveling the world, investigating everything about ancient
weapons. And I have the perfectly restored design of Tagis in my head. How about now? Does it make
sense?"
Crude's eyes began to show confusion.
"What if you're lying..."
"I can restore it right now. I have no forgetfulness in my head.
You're an engineer too, so you'll understand when you see the blueprint."
'So that's why... the Black Line...'
Shirone saw Sein in a new light.
Ancient weapons were top secrets in any kingdom.
He had risked his life, facing execution just for accessing the
information, all to save Miro.
"Hmm..."
Crude was now confused too.
Who were these people? Why were they trying to do what tens of thousands
of rebels couldn't?
'No, the important thing is whether it will succeed.'
Even if they paralyzed Aegis and entered Heaven, angels, Maras, giants,
and fairies awaited them.
Penetrating to Aravot, where Anke La was, would be like carrying
gunpowder and jumping into a fire.
'But it's worth a try. Even if there's only a one percent
chance.'
Was this a miracle? Or the last desperate struggle of a candle burning
brightest before it goes out?
"There are three... conditions."
There were more conditions than expected, but Sein felt more trust. It
was proof that Crude was taking the plan realistically.
"Let's hear them."
Crude counted on his fingers.
"First, use Shirone, the light of Sector 73, to persuade the 2nd
Headquarters. Even if we infiltrate Heaven, it's like hitting a rock with an egg if Mecha and Nor don't
unite."
"Of course. What's next?"
"Second, even if you have the blueprint, we can't manufacture a
large Tagis that affects all of Heaven here. You need to borrow a factory from the mainland and get
their approval."
Sein recalled his first encounter with the rebels.
"The military community?"
"Yes. Specifically, a defense contractor called 'Yamaeng.' They
rapidly grew during Heaven's civil war, monopolizing weapon production by taking over
military-industrial complexes. They're detestable to the rebels. But without their help, a full-scale
war with Heaven is impossible."
"Alright. What's the last condition?"
For the first time, Crude hesitated to propose.
No matter how great Shirone's team was, it wasn't something a single
team could do.
"To manufacture Tagis, you'll probably need Black
Elixir."
"Black Elixir?"
"Most of Heaven's creatures generate Elixir by absorbing the Life
Stream flowing through the planet. There are five types: Red, Green, Yellow, White, and finally,
Black."
"Does it have to be Black? From what I know, Elixir can be bypassed
with material mixing and ratios."
"Each type of Elixir has unique effects. Red generates heat, Green
involves biochemical elements, Yellow changes energy properties, and White interacts with atmospheric
elements. Heaven's rocks are so durable they don't weather even after tens of thousands of years. That's
why we need Elixir, which contains the planet's power."
Crude pointed towards the warehouse.
"For example, to cast the metal for one Guroi, you need eight
thousand Red Elixirs, but mixing in White Elixir greatly increases heat reaction efficiency. Mixing
White and Yellow can generate electricity. Elixir is the means to create everything in this
world."
Plu asked.
"Then what does Black Elixir do?"
Crude looked at Plu's face briefly, then turned to Sein and
answered.
"Black Elixir, simply put, governs time."
"Time? Like magic?"
"No. To be precise, it reverses or accelerates irreversible
phenomena. If you use Black Elixir on a liquid mixed with ink and water, it separates back into ink and
water. If you have a burn, using Black and Green Elixir can repair cell damage."
"That's... incredible."
Shirone couldn't believe it.
It defied the chemical laws he had learned in school.
Zulu asked.
"What about acceleration?"
"It shortens reaction time. Green Elixir is the basic element of
living things, and mixing it with Black Elixir can cause mutations. In some cases, it produces
evolutionary results thousands of years ahead."
Gaold said.
"Philosopher's Stone."
Shirone had heard of it before.
Though not commonly used in magic, it was a substance known as the dream
material for alchemists.
A fantastical substance that could turn mere iron into gold and cure
incurable diseases, existing in Heaven.
'Could it be...'
A particular incident came to Shirone's mind.
When Kanya's mother became a target of the elixir's magic, a large glass
sphere filled with black liquid had appeared.
A horrifying spell that dissolved humans and cast them into giant molds
to create giants.
What made it even more terrifying was that it was an inexplicable
phenomenon to his mind.
A black liquid that dissolved and reconstituted living beings.
If such a thing were possible in this world, it would undoubtedly be
related to the Black Elixir, which defies chemical reactions.
Sein understood Crude's intention.
"You're saying we can use the Philosopher's Stone to shorten the
production process of Tagis?"
"Exactly. Tagis can be made with existing Elixirs, but the process
of melting rocks to extract and fuse metals would take too much time. We provide the equipment. Whether
it's Guroi or anything else, we melt everything with Black Elixir to process the metals needed for
Tagis. These are my three conditions."
Armin asked.
"If we collect it through hunting, what are the
chances?"
Crude shook his head.
"Zero percent. Black Elixir isn't generated in living bodies. It's
an element that can only be obtained from beings that have transcended the flow of time, namely the
dead."
Given that different creatures collect planetary energy differently, the
abnormality of the Philosopher's Stone made sense.
"In the eroded valley northwest of the mainland, undead creatures
reside. But even if you catch a thousand, you might get one. That's less than a 0.1 percent
chance."
Gaold said indifferently.
"So what are we supposed to do?"
"There's one place. A 30 percent, no, a 50 percent chance of
obtaining Black Elixir."
Sein asked.
"Where is that?"
Crude hesitated again.
But realizing he couldn't stop now, he opened his eyes wide and
spoke.
"The world of the dead, Niflheim."