Chapter 434:
One of the eight slots in the Fuzix Machine was filled with Isermon's
plasm.
Seven slots remained.
Raycis planned to combine the traits of other creatures—Voltum, Grabber,
and Liston—to enhance Isermon's Antithesis ability.
Voltum, which looked like a mosquito magnified a thousand times, had a
unique trait called "blood adhesion," which created a bond with the target whose blood it
sucked. This was presumed to be a psychological mechanism evolved to suppress hemolytic reactions, and
in the lab, it was used as a tool to subjugate organisms.
"I will pour Voltum's plasm."
With the addition of the plasm of Grabber, which had levitation
abilities, and Liston, which increased the activity of organisms, the four types of plasm were ready to
be mixed in the Fuzix Machine.
Unlike the Elixir of Legends, to draw out unique traits, a main type had
to be set. Currently, Isermon was the main type, and the three sub-types would enhance the
Antithesis.
"Let's begin."
When the button was pressed, the four types of plasm, which had filled
the glass spheres halfway, were all sucked into the central glass tube.
As electricity flowed through the vacuum, the liquid began to bubble and
boil.
"Ohhh!"
It was always a marvelous sight.
Researchers who once felt repulsed by inhumane biological experiments
couldn't help but feel the joy of creation at this moment.
As electricity discharged in the glass tube, a blinding white light
spread out.
While everyone turned their heads, only Raycis watched the changes
inside the glass tube with ecstatic eyes.
As the new species was born, the glass tube split into four parts and
fell to the floor.
"It's a success!"
The researchers were amazed by the completely different form of the
creature, which deviated from their predictions.
It was a giant eyeball with a diameter of one meter, covered by a thin
epidermis that acted as an eyelid. From the area where the optic nerve would connect, long, dark red
tentacles extended and fluttered like a tail.
Biological Weapon - Akamai (Prototype)
A cold shiver ran through the laboratory.
Could this even be called a living creature?
Looking at something organic that had no relation to environmental
factors and only served human purposes, it felt like there was nothing that shouldn't happen in the
world.
"Haaa."
Raycis's red lips parted slightly.
What a beautiful form!
God had given creatures the potential for infinite change.
"Ugh!"
Raycis's face, which had reached ecstasy, twisted in pain.
Her red cloak fluttered as something inside it moved roughly.
A biologist approached with a frightened expression.
"Commander, you need to make the contract now…"
Raycis quickly corrected her expression.
The sensitive stimulus felt like her intestines were spilling out, but
fortunately, it soon reabsorbed into her body.
"Right, I almost forgot."
Raycis cut her wrist with her nail and offered her blood to
Akamai.
Thud. Thud.
As the blood was absorbed into the epidermis, Akamai's large iris
contracted tightly.
Then, as if showing affection, it blinked its eyelid a few times while
looking at Raycis.
The blood adhesion of Voltum was complete.
"Is it a success?"
"Of course. It has become my loyal subordinate. Now, let's get
serious. Bring Shirone's clone."
When the researcher contacted the underground, the floor split open, and
Shirone's clone came up on an elevator.
Currently, Shirone's brain was empty.
He was like an animal with only basic desires such as eating and
reproducing.
When the researchers shone a light through a device disguised as a
brainwave scanner, the pattern of memories was transmitted through the retina.
It was similar to the method jointly researched by Arcane and
Alpheas.
However, the failure factor was the same, and the clone with the
implanted memories would soon suffer a mental collapse and die.
Of course, this was not a problem for Raycis.
Once Shirone absorbed all the traits of the creature, she only needed to
swallow him.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
A rampage was unleashed from the bed where Shirone lay.
Researchers were swept away by the shockwave, and Shirone's body sprang
out like a wild beast, seeking a safe zone.
'What is this? Where am I?'
Shirone moved his eyes left and right to gather information.
Laboratory. Raycis. Strange devices he had never seen before.
He still didn't understand the situation.
He had been lying next to Plu, undergoing a brainwave test, and suddenly
he was here.
"What have you done to me?"
"Hmm, who knows?"
Raycis tapped her lips.
"I'd like to explain, but I won't. I have a feeling I'll have to
say the same thing quite a lot in the future."
When Raycis snapped her fingers, Akamai, floating in the air, activated
Antithesis.
"Ugh!"
As if the air had turned into solid iron, Shirone couldn't move a
finger.
"This, this is…?"
"Sorry. To use the Nephilim's abilities, you need to have
intelligence. It will be over soon."
The Immortal Function began with insight, something a clone with only
animalistic instincts could never achieve.
Shirone ground his teeth.
For someone who said sorry, her eyes were far too gleeful.
Shirone, captured by Akamai, was moved into the glass sphere of the
Fuzix Machine.
Unlike corpse experiments, it was necessary to confirm mental changes,
so it was effective to put him in whole and dissolve him directly.
"Commander, what should we combine him with?"
A Nephilim with 100% affinity could easily embrace the traits of any
creature.
And to verify this, it was best to use a creature with advanced
functions.
"Combine him with Akamai."
"What? But…"
"It doesn't matter. This is just a prototype. It's the perfect
opportunity to experiment with Shirone's clone."
The biologist obediently followed the order.
When the preparations were complete, plasm filled the glass sphere
containing Akamai and Shirone.
The black liquid passed Shirone's neck and covered his face.
After a while, the level dropped, flowing into the central glass tube,
and Shirone's form disappeared without a trace.
The researchers watched the glass tube emitting a powerful light with
tense faces.
Main type Shirone, sub-type Akamai.
The two creatures melted perfectly and were reborn as a single
organism.
"What, what is this?"
The glass tube separated, and Shirone stood there with his eyes
closed.
Even though the focus was on function combination, mixing two creatures
with different forms should have resulted in some changes.
In the unexpected situation, the biologist adjusted his glasses and
examined closely.
"This is just a human. Could the experiment have
failed…?"
At that moment, Shirone's eyes snapped open, and a light burst from his
differently colored left pupil.
"Aaagh!"
The researchers screamed in twisted postures as their bones
contorted.
Raycis, who had quickly distanced herself, wore a dazed
expression.
'He only absorbed the functions?'
The changes that occurred in the plasm state were known only to those
who had experienced it firsthand.
And Raycis was one of the few humans who had experienced the plasm state
the most in the world.
When immersed in plasm, thought ceased. But within the liquid,
integrated as a single substance, countless signals flowed.
'It's the Ultima System.'
Therefore, if one could control the unified signals in the plasm state,
it was entirely possible to selectively acquire functions and forms.
'This is dangerous.'
No, it was beautiful.
The ability to possess the traits of any creature in existence.
It was literally reaching the realm of gods.
"What have you done to me?"
Raycis's lips trembled.
Shirone had even controlled his consciousness. Akamai had completely
submitted.
'I want that ability even more.'
Raycis spread her arms and approached.
"Shirone, let's become one."
Shirone activated Antithesis. The overwhelming binding force stopped
Raycis in her tracks.
But she instead savored the thrilling pleasure.
It was a power on a different level from Isermon's Antithesis.
Shirone mercilessly fired a Photon Cannon.
Raycis was slammed into the wall, and the ceiling shook. With each flash
of light, the dust cloud grew larger where she was.
"Haa. Haa."
Shirone's eyes, filled with shock, wavered as he panted and glared
ahead.
Emerging through the smoke, half of Raycis's face had transformed into a
grotesque monster.
Her eyes slanted upward as if to tear her forehead apart, her pupils
were as thin as a snake's, and her lips, which stretched across her lower face, were filled with three
times as many teeth as a human's.
"Kii, Shi…rone…"
Shirone, horrified by the sound like nails on a chalkboard, opened his
palm to summon Armand.
'Diamond Armor… huh?'
It was then that Shirone realized he didn't have Cubrick.
No one could have taken it. He hadn't lost consciousness from the moment
he underwent the brainwave test until now.
'Could it be, I'm not myself?'
Shirone quickly retraced the steps.
He hadn't lost consciousness, but the process from the brainwave test to
here was completely cut off.
The liquid he saw in the Elixir of Legends. The changes from being
dissolved in it to being reconstituted by the Ultima System.
'I've been cloned!'
Not being the original, he didn't have Cubrick. And Raycis was using
this for some experiment.
'A biological combination similar to the Elixir of Legends.'
A strong insight flashed in Shirone's mind.
'Armand, if it's Armand…!'
Something swung from behind Raycis's cloak, and Shirone's neck was
severed from his body.
"Whooo."
Raycis quickly retracted the part of her body that had extended.
It was a grotesque form, but the researchers didn't show any
reaction.
The moment they assigned meaning to the physical form, they would end up
like Shirone, with their heads flying off.
"From now on, double the production of clones. We must find out
what changes have occurred."
The biologist spoke with concern.
"It's too dangerous. Shirone controlled the biological combination.
If, by any chance, the commander is devoured in reverse, no creature will be able to stop
Shirone."
Raycis didn't like that possibility either.
"For now, only experiment with Type A. The clones before Babel. As
long as the Ultima System isn't involved, it should be fine."
"But the original is Type B. The danger remains
unchanged."
"It doesn't matter. If I set myself as the main type, even the
Ultima System won't be able to exert its power."
According to mythology, the Elixir of Legends was created to destroy the
Ultima System, but since it was unclear how much of that was true, it couldn't be guaranteed.
Raycis gave a bitter smile.
"Even if I get devoured."
"What?"
"If Shirone and I become one, it will be something that is neither
me nor Shirone. That will suffice. As long as I can become one with Shirone, I won't stop the
experiment. Proceed as planned."
Even if the main type was set, the resulting creature would be entirely
new.
Therefore, defining herself with specific characteristics wasn't
important to her.
But the biologist still felt uneasy.
Raycis thought it was enough to just mix, but the Ultima System
perfectly controlled biological combinations.
And the researchers didn't know how that was possible.
'Yes, Shirone can't overturn the situation. At best, he can only become
one with the commander.'
Despite this, the biologist's vast experience in the lab made him
uneasy.
Being optimistic that nothing would happen meant that the information
they had was limited to a narrow scope.
Variables always lie in the unknown beyond perception. And when
something starts moving in that darkness…
'Is it really okay to proceed like this?'
A bio-shock will occur.