Chapter 435:
Raycis returned to her room and unclipped her cloak.
The red fabric flowed from her shoulders like liquid and fell to the
floor.
Through the torn clothes, a burn-like wound from the Photon Cannon was
visible.
Annoyed, Raycis threw off her clothes and stood in front of the mirror,
looking at herself.
What a grotesque body.
It didn't fit any standard of beauty or goodness; no one could look at
it and call it beautiful. It was a monstrosity hanging below her neck.
Withered, twisted, and dull in color, this body was the result of
desperate efforts.
"Disgusting…"
Raycis was a divine being, an exceptional one at that.
But she was listed as a subject for the Elixir of Legends because she
approached the forbidden Genesis Mythology in Heaven.
She melted, becoming a dreadful giant.
Even showing fear before the sacred magic was a sin, but she
knew.
The Elixir of Legends was the most horrific tragedy a human could
experience, a fate worse than death.
Like some other subjects of the Elixir of Legends, Raycis secretly
obtained the stimulant Epines.
No one knew if it worked, but for someone at a dead end, it was a
precious item.
Raycis clutched the Epines like a lifeline and prayed fervently on a
bench in the square.
'Please let my mind inhabit the giant's body.'
"Do you want to live?"
A voice responded as if answering her call.
It was a middle-aged man with a kind face and a stylish beard.
She had heard rumors that some people analyzed and approached the Elixir
of Legends academically, even when everyone believed it to be sacred magic.
The man was one of those people, and he gave Raycis a secret
technique.
"If you want to live, eat this before entering the Elixir of
Legends."
What he handed her was a small vial the size of a finger.
"What's in it?"
"A fly."
"Ugh!"
Raycis grimaced, but the man spoke firmly, revealing a crucial
fact.
"Swallow it alive. Then you will live."
The thought alone was repulsive, but with her life on the line, Raycis
couldn't throw the vial away.
Thus, the Elixir of Legends was performed, and Raycis, thinking she had
nothing to lose, opened the vial.
With the vial's mouth in her mouth, she tilted her head back, and
something hard moved around in her mouth. Nausea surged.
Suppressing the revulsion, Raycis swallowed the fly.
A Kergoin came in, stripped her clothes, and led her to one of the eight
glass spheres set up next to the giant's statue.
'Please, please save me.'
As the plasm filled up, Raycis, terrified, couldn't even open her eyes
and focused on praying.
The black liquid filled the glass sphere, and her body dissolved, mixing
with others.
In the place where countless consciousnesses merged, she felt as if she
were in a dream.
It wasn't the death she had expected, but it was a hopeless state where
she couldn't feel alive either.
The giants born in each area gathered and began their march towards
Jotunheim.
As a new day dawned, one of the many giants screamed and knelt.
The giant's body soon separated into flesh and bones, melting like
porridge.
In the place reeking of a foul smell, only Raycis remained, kneeling and
curling up.
"Gasp! Gasp!"
The first thing she realized upon regaining consciousness was the joy of
life.
The man was right.
Swallowing the fly had indeed brought her back from the giant's
body.
'Yes! I survived!'
Thud! Thud!
As giants much taller than her shook the ground, she set aside her joy
and ran.
She felt much lighter than before, and it felt good.
But she was thirsty.
Thinking that, she surprisingly sensed a spring several kilometers
away.
'My senses are sharp. Could it be the giant's ability?'
Even after running and running, she didn't feel out of breath.
Finally, when she reached the spring and bent over to quench her
thirst,
"Aaahhh!"
Raycis's scream of despair filled the forest as she saw her reflection
in the water.
More than the shock of seeing a terrible face, the cruel part was that
it was her own face.
Raycis screamed like a mad person.
"No! Give me back my body! Put it back the way it was!"
The man who had taught Raycis the secret technique slowly approached,
parting the forest.
The one who had turned her into a monster.
But now, after many years, she suddenly remembered.
Perhaps that man was the only one who had fully accepted her
appearance.
"Why, why did you turn me into this? Why did you do this to
me?"
"Because you wanted to live. What could be more important to a
living being?"
"Don't talk nonsense! Could you live with such a hideous
appearance?"
The man sneered.
"Whatever you become, you are still you. By destroying your form,
you have gained infinite forms."
Raycis stared blankly at the man as he walked away.
In the horrifying reality that she could never return to her original
form, she had one question.
"Who are you?"
The man stopped and turned his head slightly. He said his name was
Satan.
Raycis looked at her reflection in the mirror with cold eyes.
How many humans had she combined with to at least resemble a human
form?
Norins, Kergons, Mechans, and even those from the land.
It had given Raycis immense power and vast knowledge, but it also
brought severe side effects.
Even a slight lapse in concentration caused abnormal changes in her
body, and it moved against her will.
"Shirone. My savior."
Shirone's mind could contain all traits, and she planned to mix it with
the most beautiful being in the world.
An angel's body.
Second Heaven, Lakia. The city of fallen angels.
A place where angels who neglected their duties and wielded the law as
they pleased were imprisoned since ancient times.
Kariel looked down from the sky above Lakia.
The fallen angels, still indulgent, wasted their near-eternal lifespans
in laziness.
"Hmph, useless beings."
Denied support from the giant commander Girshin, Kariel turned her gaze
to Lakia.
Even fallen angels had to follow Anke Ra's message, but she was
confident there was one exception.
Ikasa, the angel of desire.
A fallen angel who had captured Amy and her group and offered them to
Jebul during the incident in Zone 73.
At that time, Ikasa had hoped to be reinstated as a regular angel for
bringing three virgins to Kariel, but with Shirone's departure to his original world, she faced even
harsher punishment.
While many fallen angels idly killed time, she alone was endlessly
turning a giant iron ball in a deep underground pit 300 meters below.
"Haa. Haa."
The 20-meter diameter iron ball rumbled and rolled at a terrifying
speed.
In the afterimages of the rotation, Ikasa's pitiful face, blindfolded
and gagged, occasionally flashed by.
Kariel watched the trajectory until the iron ball completed a rotation,
then reached out towards the returning iron ball.
A holy light flashed and spread into a ring, stopping the massive iron
ball with a bang.
"Huuu, huuu."
Ikasa, bound to the iron ball with her back arched like a bow, drooled
and groaned in pain.
When Kariel cut the leather blindfold, Ikasa, looking exhausted, lifted
her eyelids and immediately shed tears.
"Hawihi… Hahwi…"
Finally, she had come.
Even if everyone else ignored her, she believed the archangel Kariel
would recognize her.
"Ikasa, there is something you must do."
Ikasa nodded repeatedly.
"Shirone has returned. It must be a joyous occasion for
you."
"Haaai! Haaai!"
A cry of hatred burst from Ikasa's throat.
Nodding in satisfaction, Kariel dismantled her restraints.
Ikasa, who had collapsed to the floor, lifted her head and showed
respect without even taking time to tend to herself.
"Please use me, Archangel of Creation."
"Kill Shirone. Make it as painful as possible. Bring his anguished
face before me. There is an angel who must see it."
"That would be my pleasure. But I, a lowly being, do not know where
the detestable Shirone is."
Kariel opened the Great Law Book and checked the status of Jebul's
central processing unit.
The map representing all of Purgatory was being consumed by a red light.
The speed was astonishing, considering the area.
"Babel is scanning the skies of Purgatory. By the full moon, all
coordinates will be explored. When that time comes, you will have your chance."
Ikasa's eyes gleamed.
Indeed, the full moon was approaching.
The time when the law of yin energy was strongest in Purgatory. Also,
the time when she, a fallen angel, would be at her most powerful.
'Wait for me, Shirone.'
Ikasa's eyes swirled with the desire for revenge.
Past midnight, Plu's door opened.
Being a Zoner, she didn't need to show her face.
After confirming the hallway was empty, she closed the door and moved
swiftly into the depths of the command center.
For reconnaissance, one was better than two, and the risk was lower if
caught.
With Shirone dispatched to a subordinate unit of the Second Command for
rebel integration, now was the perfect time.
'No matter how I think about it, something's off. What are they up
to?'
Moving along the wall, Plu stopped and quickly turned back.
Two guards were walking down the hallway, chatting.
"Ugh, I'm sleepy. Don't they ever sleep? What are we supposed to
eat at this hour?"
"Heh, let them eat all they want. They're just livestock
anyway."
The guard carrying a tray full of food suddenly stopped as they turned
the corner.
"What's wrong?"
"I thought I saw something move over there."
The guard handed the tray to his companion and walked towards the shadow
cast by the wall.
There was nothing suspicious.
"Strange. I'm sure I saw something."
"Must have been the torchlight."
"Ah, maybe."
Plu, who had descended from the ceiling, landed silently where the
guards had passed. A drone flew in and attached itself to her shoulder.
'Phew, that was close. Controlling this thing is harder than I
thought.'
But thanks to that, she overheard the guards' conversation.
'They're delivering food at this hour? To whom?'
Plu decided to follow them.
When the guards reached a wall, one of them touched a torch holder, and
the wall opened, revealing a secret staircase.
After waiting for about a minute, Plu opened the wall in the same way
and descended the stairs.
A much larger space than expected unfolded before her. Corridors
connected in all directions, and there were dozens of laboratories.
'Where are the guards?'
Expanding her Spirit Zone to its maximum, she applied an algorithm to
collect sounds, and their voices reached her.
"They eat like pigs. Well, where else would you find a happier life
than yours? I'm jealous."
"Heh, if you're jealous, why don't you join them?"
There was a brief silence.
"Ugh, no thanks. It's disgusting. They're literally
livestock."
Once the guards left, Plu, who had been watching from a distance,
approached the iron door.
It could only be opened from the outside.
'What could be in here?'
Plu pressed her ear to the door and listened, her brow furrowing.
She had a feeling she shouldn't look inside, but she couldn't resist
opening Pandora's box.
"This, this is…!"
Plu's eyes widened in shock as she peered through the gap in the
unlocked iron door.