Chapter 448:
As the aura of death dissipated, the force meter transported Zulu and
Kangnan back to their original time and space.
Kangnan stared blankly at the ice field where the darkness had
vanished.
Only Gaold was panting heavily, his shoulders heaving.
'Foolish human.'
Even she, who always accompanied him, had not anticipated the extent of
Gaold's rising power.
It wasn't due to special training or enlightenment.
It was the Miro he encountered after 20 years.
The closer he got to her time and space, the exponentially greater the
pain he had to endure.
This was what Kangnan feared.
Even if Gaold had surpassed the limits of pain due to his self-mutating
abilities, a creature's endurance is not infinite.
Just like the day 15 years ago when Gaold first fell into the Great
Inferno.
"What are you trying to do…!"
"It's not over yet."
As Kangnan approached, Gaold spoke.
As if waiting, darkness surged up from beneath the ice, forming the
shape of Hel.
'An incorporeal entity?'
In Gaold's world, ghosts are a prime example.
They traverse the boundary between mind and matter, unaffected by
physical influences in their mental state and unable to exert influence.
However, in their material state, they can exert physical force and be
affected by it.
Hel had also narrowly escaped being crushed by Gaold's air pressing by
shifting from a material to a mental state.
While this ability was troublesome for humans to deal with, it was a
blow to the pride of Hel, the ruler of Niflheim.
Hoooooo!
Hel's hollow pupils swirled like a vortex, pulling Gaold into the depths
of the abyss.
The world plunged back into darkness, and the battle between the undying
and the immortal began.
The air magic, amplified 500,000 times, had already transcended the
realm of the atmospheric attribute.
Air bullets from the air gun were fired at an incredible speed.
Despite the rapid fire, Hel's torso was riddled with holes as if hit by
buckshot.
The tattered Hel charged at Gaold.
"Human! I will scatter your ashes over the corpse of the despicable
Miro!"
"Grrrrrr!"
Hel's provocation backfired.
Hundreds of wrinkles formed on Gaold's distorted face, and hot steam
escaped from between his clenched teeth.
Gaold's extreme endurance unleashed the Great Inferno.
In the dark space like the night sky, flames of incandescence surged,
mingling with the screams of death and the wails of hungry ghosts, blending extreme cold and
heat.
Even Hel, the ruler of the dead, could not remain silent before Gaold's
powerful endurance.
'Is there such a human?'
Hel immediately revised his thoughts.
'No, is he really human?'
The pain amplified 500,000 times.
No one could imagine the hell Gaold was experiencing.
No one could even guess.
But for Gaold, it was the only reality.
'Miro….'
No matter how painful, he would not die.
'Miro.'
The reason did not matter.
On that day 20 years ago, when he had to helplessly watch Miro being
taken away, Gaold had given up on becoming any kind of being.
Thanks to experiencing countless shocks, even his memories were tangled,
but the only thing that never faded in that chaos was Miro's voice.
-Because you are weak.
Twenty people judged. The whole world clung desperately. And Miro walked
into Istas on her own.
But the truth that only Gaold knew was Miro's voice on the eve of the
judgment by the twenty.
-While you can do nothing!
Tears of blood flowed from beneath Gaold's upturned white eyes.
'Miro!'
Pain amplified 1,000,000 times - Air Pressing.
Hel was crushed with a pop and then reformed in the air.
Had he been a little slower in shifting to a mental state, he would have
been annihilated.
A light of confusion passed over Hel's face, as if his soul was
escaping.
Hel wished Gaold would die.
For the first time since his existence, he desperately wanted someone's
death.
'Am I afraid? Me?'
The ruler of the dead does not fear death. Thus, what Hel felt was the
endless acceleration of fear.
Gaold's endurance, with no measurable limit, seemed like it would
accelerate forever, as if on a rail with no end.
"Kieeeee!"
As Hel exerted all his energy, all sorts of dead spirits swam through
the air, trailing black smoke.
Seeing the spirits rushing towards the ground, Kangnan and Zulu
scattered in different directions.
They could defend with the force meter, but to displace three seconds in
time required nearly four years of omnipotence in real time.
Even Zulu, the strongest summoner, needed more than 30% of his mental
strength for this magic, and his current usable limit was just one time.
Using it now would not be a good decision if they were to prepare for a
decisive moment.
"Ugh!"
Kangnan raised her arms and curled up as the spirits' attacks tore
through the space like a vortex.
Every time their claws scratched her, black scars were etched into her
skin.
Her body, trained for a lifetime, attempted to counterattack, but it
merely passed through the spirits' bodies, which had returned to a mental state.
'Attack and defense must be simultaneous. The only chance is when the
enemy attacks.'
Kangnan assumed the stance of Ram Muai.
Her sharp gaze pierced the enemy through the arms raised in an 11
shape.
Hoooooo!
As the spirits attacked, her body moved.
Every time her straight-line attacks, covering the shortest distance,
exploded in succession, the black smoke of the spirits shattered into pieces.
Further away, Zulu was summoning the giant worm Odd Worm to suck in the
materialized spirits.
The mindless spirits did not give up, and as their numbers dwindled, the
view began to clear.
"Where is Gaold?"
He was in the sky. His face had become so grotesque that it was hard to
tell who the ruler of the dead was.
Life and death, endurance and despair collided in the sky.
"Annoying…!"
Gaold's Great Inferno sp