Chapter 449:
Drimo.
A multidimensional space where all the mental energy of the world
flows.
In this place, where countless consciousnesses are intertwined, there
are no clear rules to define the world.
Anything can be achieved, and anything can be denied.
A sword can come after the head is cut off, and sometimes the head
remains intact even after the sword strikes.
Therefore, for a clear consciousness to wander in Drimo is tantamount to
suicide.
Without a high level of mental understanding, everything here is a
trap.
Though it was impossible to tell how much time had passed, the tomb
raider Arius felt as if he had aged ten years.
Brahma, with his brain hanging like long hair, never left Arius's side,
offering solutions.
Even he, who could make decisions in a second that would take ten
thousand cautious humans to reach through compromise, had narrowly escaped death several times to reach
this place.
"Hoo. Hoo."
Arius slowly dragged his exhausted body into the temple.
If there was no keyword here either…
Miro might not be human.
He extracted all information related to her with just the name
Miro.
Mental trauma that must exist because she is a living being, a
human.
The original plan was to strike Miro with that trauma to awaken her from
the dimension of emptiness, but now even that seemed unlikely.
A temple floating above the clouds.
Could the real Miro's temple look like this?
Arius opened the neat and antique door and looked around with a glimmer
of hope.
Then he frowned.
There was no need to examine anything. There was nothing to see.
Only the clean floor of the temple, without a speck of dust, was
visible.
"Damn it! How… how can there be no trauma! How!"
Arius gritted his teeth.
As a tomb raider, he had entered the minds of many.
Even the heart of the most virtuous person in the world harbors murky
psychology and traumas that can never be revealed.
That is human, and that is why the world is maintained.
But Miro seemed completely free from such rules.
'This can't be. She is human too.'
Nothing does not mean doing nothing.
She also lived as a human. Loved, made mistakes, desired, and
hated.
But it did not connect to regret, shame, denial, or
self-deprecation.
Literally the pinnacle of nobility. A mind infinitely free because it
has no taboos or obsessions.
"What will you do now? You couldn't find the keyword you
mentioned."
Brahma asked.
His life depended on the answer, but Arius didn't care.
He had always believed there was no perfect human. That was still true,
but it was time to make a choice.
'Did I misunderstand humans? Were humans not inherently
imperfect?'
"Arius, can you find it?"
When he didn't answer the second question, Brahma flapped his brain and
flew up.
Whether he knew it or not, Arius rested his chin and wandered in one
place.
Miro.
A genius of unprecedented scale magic in history.
'Maybe I thought too simply. I need to examine more closely.'
Miro had always been successful. The most shocking event for her would
probably be the judgment of the twenty.
'That's it.'
Arius stopped and looked around the temple pillars. Then he started
counting with his fingers.
One, two, three. He stood in front of the exact twentieth pillar and
looked for anything different.
'Nothing?'
Numbers are key keywords that make up the mind.
If a keyword existed, it should be right here.
'Should I look for something symbolic of judgment? But there is nothing
here that symbolizes judgment…'
"Arius, time is up."
Brahma, who approached from behind, revealed an evil expression with a
purple glow.
The time given by Kariel had already passed. He had come this far with
his own judgment, but he could no longer delay.
As Brahma's arm, turned into a blade, swung quickly to cut Arius's
neck.
"Ah!"
Arius exclaimed.
The two blades stopped, gripping his neck. Blood seeped from the split
skin, but Arius was too mentally preoccupied to feel pain.
"Ah… Ahhh…"
As Arius approached the pillar, Brahma withdrew his blades and watched a
little longer.
"It's here. It's here."
In the evenly spaced grid, there was a barely noticeable crack that
could only be seen if looked at closely.
'The judgment of the twenty! Something happened that day.'
Arius's fingertips trembled as he reached for the crack.
Brahma activated his ability as he watched.
As the trauma of the crack amplified, the scenery changed.
There was a small well in the completely black space, but the scenery no
longer mattered.
Arius hurriedly ran and looked inside.
The only faint scar left in Miro's mind.
The scene of that scar was reflected like a video.
"This, this is…!"
Arius's eyes shook with shock.
It was a completely different, extremely human scene from what he had
expected.
"Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha."
His whole body tingled as laughter burst out.
"Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!"
The greatest honor and joy of his life.
He had conquered Miro.
He had found the only weakness in the seemingly flawless mind of the
mage.
'Only I know this. Miro is now mine.'
Brahma spoke in a cold voice.
"If you've found it, start quickly. Lord Kariel is waiting."
He intended to do it without being urged.
He was dying to see her expression when she was forcibly pulled out of
the dimension of emptiness.
"Then… shall we begin?"
Since Miro's mind was connected to the well, Arius jumped right
in.
Brahma followed, weaving a net with Miro's only trauma and throwing it
into the dimension of emptiness.
Miro's mind, immersed in deep meditation, twisted in pain.
"Ugh!"
Even in an unconscious state, she tried to maintain her mind through
inertia.
But the more she denied it, the more a single thought flooded her mind
endlessly.
Her heart pounded, and only thoughts of him struck her mind with murky
emotions.
"Hah!"
Miro's eyes snapped open as her deep meditation broke.
As the infinity of emptiness disappeared, murky thoughts rushed in like
a torrent, sweeping Arius and Brahma along.
When they regained their senses, the scenery was different from Drimo,
it was her own temple.
As Miro, sitting cross-legged, glared sharply, Arius's lips trembled
with excitement.
Without answering, Miro turned her gaze to Brahma.
Three-sided Mara. The angels must have found a way somehow.
'Using trauma…'
It had always bothered her, but she never thought it would catch up to
her.
"Despicable Miro."
Brahma floated in the air.
"Everything is over. The only fate left for humans is to follow the will
of Anke Ra. Now I will chop your bones."
'Where is my body? Has it already been moved to Heaven? If so, there's
no turning back.'
Arius added.
"If you think of entering deep meditation again, forget it. You know
why, of course."
Then he approached Miro triumphantly and leaned his face close.
"I was quite shocked. To think you had such a side."
Miro's eyes trembled.
It was a tremendous shock for someone else to know a thought that no one
should know, not even herself.
But that was only by ordinary human standards.
In the end, Arius had chosen the wrong opponent.
"A mere mage."
"Ha ha ha! Do you have the right to say that? To have your innermost
thoughts revealed by such a mere mage…"
Arius stopped speaking.
What he saw was Miro's eyes, larger than the temple.
When the tightly constricted iris grew as large as the previous pupil,
Brahma charged.
"Despicable Miro!"
It was Brahma's last words.
Snap!
Arius slowly turned his head again, looking at Brahma's body crushed
like an ant by a finger descending from the ceiling.
There was nothing to see. The relativity of scale was expanding
infinitely.
Arius trembled as if struck by lightning.
Perfect greatness.
So vast and immense that the highest dignity of the universe,
unperceivable by mere mortal senses, was before him.
Ahhhhhhh.
A sound of ecstasy burst out.
The greatest emotion of his life filled his mind, and his heart pounded
as if it would burst.
Arius, overwhelmed with emotion, lunged at her.
Passing through dense forests, crossing lakes, leaping over two bulging
mountains, and after countless years, he arrived at the end of the world where a giant pillar
stood.
'Ah, ahhh…!'
Arius, leaning on a crutch, struggled to lift his head.
Tears flowed as he saw Miro's giant face floating in the sky.
"Finally, finally, we meet."
Kneeling on her palm, he spread his arms wide with the happiest
expression in the world.
There is nothing as lovely as Miro in this universe. Nothing as precious
as Miro in this universe.
This is so beautiful.
Therefore, it must be perfect, and therefore, no weakness should
exist.
Before the greatest emotion of his life, Arius tilted his wrinkled face
and kissed her palm.
"Woof! Woof woof!"
Then he wagged his hips like a dog.
Arius degraded himself to the most servile animal he could think
of.
To think he could possess Miro. How blasphemous.
She is absolute. The absolute must have no flaws.
Therefore, the most worthless thing must be the eyes.
Even these eyes that saw what should not be seen!
Plop!
Arius's hands dug deep into his eye sockets.
'They should not exist!'
With all his strength, Arius pulled out his eyeballs and raised his
trembling hands as if offering them to Miro.
"Great One, please accept this humble servant."
Miro looked down at Arius indifferently.
Having realized the wall of the dimension, he would never cross it
again.
To Arius, Miro was a god.
'The wall of the dimension has already been broken. I must leave
now.'
As Miro closed her eyes, the world went dark.
At the same time, the door installed in the Great World War exploded,
and two people were ejected from the meditating Miro in reality.
One was Arius, now blind, and the other was the crushed Brahma.
Kariel crossed hundreds of meters in an instant to arrive in front of
Miro.
"We finally meet again."
Miro's eyelids slowly lifted as she emerged from deep meditation.
"Woof! Grrr!"
At the same time, Arius barked and growled like a dog, lying on the
ground.
In his mind, now a servant of Miro, there was only the thought of
protecting his master.
But when Kariel kicked him in the face, he whimpered and hurriedly hid
behind Miro, rubbing his cheek against her.
Miro, recognizing the angel's face, spoke.
"Kariel, it's been a while."
"Heh, still as arrogant as ever. Well, you're probably the only human
who can casually call an archangel by name. Anyway, Miro's dimension is gone now."
"You got what you wanted. But humans won't be easy to deal with."
"I don't know about that, but it certainly is interesting."
Miro's eyebrows twitched.
"…What do you mean?"
Kariel opened the Great Law Book.
Since Miro's dimension had disappeared, it would be best to kill her
immediately, but there was an even better solution currently in Purgatory.
"There's a human named Gaold. It seems he came looking for you."
Miro's brow furrowed slightly.
'That fool…'