Chapter 483:
In the underground torture chamber of the Hall of Corruption in the
Second Heaven, Rakia, angels who had lost their divinity were imprisoned and subjected to
torment.
If angels were viewed by physical standards, their durability far
exceeded that of humans, and thus the torture devices were bizarre and on a scale unimaginable in the
human world.
Kangnan was unconscious, her hands bound by chain cuffs hanging from the
ceiling, relying entirely on them to support her weight.
Snakes slithered across the floor, and the enclosed air was so foul that
it overpowered even the sulfur smell of the burning torches.
In the darkness, dozens of eyes gleamed as a Mara emerged.
It was Torco, a subordinate of the fallen angel Mauriel.
He had the face of a gaunt old man, a bald head, a bulging belly like a
tadpole, and legs much shorter than his long arms.
Known as the God of Screams in some worlds, he had a perfect
understanding of the human body and was an excellent torturer, capable of inducing pain with his
delicate touch.
Laughter echoed from the walls.
"Give us the screams, the wretched human screams."
"Can we avoid killing her? Even using just one forty-third of the
hatred for Miro would kill her."
The fallen angels who demanded the exchange of Miro and Kangnan across
Rakia gave their subordinates a chance to vent their frustrations.
Some Maras had no interest in human suffering, while others found it
extremely fascinating, and all those gathered in the torture chamber were of the latter type.
Torco cupped his hands and slapped Kangnan's cheek.
A hollow sound, unlike any normal slap, reverberated, and the impact
scrambled Kangnan's brain.
"Ugh!"
Feeling as if her skull was splitting, Kangnan grimaced and regained
consciousness.
"Where is this…?"
She saw the hooked nose of an old man.
But her senses detected the malevolent energy seeping into the prison
walls.
'I've been captured.'
She had expected this. What pained her was not dying immediately but
losing consciousness in that situation.
She pulled at the cuffs on her wrists, causing the chains connected to
the ceiling to rattle.
If it were just metal, she could break free.
She could break her wrists if necessary.
'The cuffs are draining my strength.'
As far as she knew, it was impossible to completely block Skima by
normal means.
That left two possibilities.
An Unregulated Form or…
"An object?"
"An object called 'Self-Destruction.' The more strength you use,
the stronger it becomes. You can't escape."
'Annoying…'
From the Mara's words, she inferred that the less strength she used, the
weaker it became.
But if its minimum strength was greater than the human body, escaping
was impossible for Kangnan.
"Kill me."
It was better to quickly abandon any futile strategies.
"You will die eventually. But you might survive."
When Kangnan looked at him, Torco smiled, curious about her
reaction.
"If the humans bring Miro by noon tomorrow."
Humans become pathetic when given hope.
Thinking about how this brave warrior who had reclaimed Miro by leaping
over the drawbridge would become filthy made him tremble with excitement.
"Ha!"
Torco's face hardened.
Kangnan, shaking with laughter, looked at him with disdain.
"Miro will never come."
She wouldn't come.
Gaold wouldn't trade the results of his 20 years of dedication for her
life.
'Yes, she won't come.'
If he were that indecisive, he wouldn't have sent her into danger in the
first place.
'Good for him. He'll meet the one he loves.'
Contrary to expectations, Kangnan smiled, causing Torco's face to
contort.
"If Miro doesn't come, all that awaits you is death after endless
screams. How will you scream? How will you beg for death?"
The voice of a Mara watching from the darkness echoed ominously.
"Hehehe, human screams are the sweetest music in the
world."
Born a warrior and destined to die a warrior.
Even amidst the chilling threats, the warrior of Rammoai showed no sign
of wavering.
Kangnan, you are a woman.
She first met Gaold 16 years ago, when she was thirteen.
After the wolf tribe was annihilated, she fled south, her life a series
of trials.
Those who extended a hand to a child with nothing always had ulterior
motives, mostly because she was a girl.
Though Kangnan had an exceptional physique even among the wolf tribe,
she was too young to defeat the world's strong.
Eventually, she was kidnapped by a band of thieves and taken to a
foreign slave market.
"Don't glare at me like that."
The man sitting across from Kangnan in the cargo hold spoke.
"Think of yourself as not human from the start. Like a dog, horse,
pig, or cat. Depending on what kind of animal you become, your life might be decent. You're pretty and
valuable."
"I am a wolf."
The man didn't understand her southern language.
But he knew he couldn't get a high price without removing the venom from
her eyes.
Slave buyers had varied tastes, but catering to a small niche often
devalued the product.
"This won't do. I'll have to break you in advance."
As the man drew the curtain in the cargo hold, darkness fell.
When he turned back, his eyes were no longer normal.
Crack.
The sound of chewing soft bones came from his fist.
"Let's start by making you a dog."
"I am a wolf."
Kangnan spat back and crouched.
With all her strength, she lunged, headbutting the man's abdomen with
her hands tied behind her back, and pushed him out of the carriage.
"Crazy!"
Jumping from a moving carriage with her hands tied was akin to
suicide.
As the heavy wheel rolled towards her face, she thought it was too late
to avoid it.
But the wheel suddenly split with a bang, and the carriage
overturned.
Kangnan knelt and looked to the side.
Before she could assess the situation, the thieves rushed in and began
beating her.
"Damn it! Kill her!"
With her hands tied behind her back, Kangnan was defenseless.
But she thought of her entire body as a shield and stood up,
demonstrating the techniques of Rammoai with her free legs.
Dodging between the thieves with her small frame, she swung her leg at a
large man blocking her path.
When her low kick struck his log-like shin, a dull thud echoed.
"Argh!"
The large man couldn't withstand the pain and collapsed,
screaming.
It wasn't the strength of a thirteen-year-old.
"Don't underestimate me. I am of the wolf tribe…"
But that was all she could achieve, and she was soon knocked to the
ground by the flurry of punches.
"Ah! Annoying!"
The man who had fallen from the carriage approached, bleeding from his
head.
Drawing a dagger from his boot, he raised it towards Kangnan.
"I'll stab you a hundred times and kill you!"
At that moment, another explosion rang out, and the man's head
burst.
"What?"
The thieves realized it wasn't a simple accident.
At the end of the forest path they had come from, a man was walking
towards them.
It was Gaold, who had graduated from Alpheas Magic School and embarked
on a journey of ascetic training at the age of twenty-four.
Unlike his current appearance, he still had a youthful aura, his body
emaciated to the bone, and his complexion deathly pale.
But what left the deepest impression on Kangnan were his eyes, which
seemed to hold death itself.
"Who are you? A mage?"
"Have you ever seen a god?"
The thieves, who got hives just hearing the word "god,"
exchanged glances and burst into laughter.
"A crazy monk?"
Encountering someone who had lost their mind at the end of their ascetic
journey wasn't uncommon for those who roamed the world trafficking humans.
"Have you really never seen one? Where is God?"
The leader of the thieves twirled his dagger and stepped forward.
"Hey, what do you want with God? Did you commit a
crime?"
"I…"
Before Gaold could finish, the dagger flew towards his forehead.
"Need to kill him."
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
As the air compressed, the heads of all the thieves standing around the
fallen carriage exploded.
Gaold, who had lightly tilted his head to avoid the dagger, walked
slowly.
Looking down at the stunned Kangnan, he spoke indifferently.
"Kid, have you ever seen a god?"
Even as an unprecedented fear enveloped her, Kangnan slowly shook her
head.
"Where is he? Where is he? I need to kill him."
Gaold's appearance, searching the forest for something, was the epitome
of bizarreness to Kangnan.
'He's crazy. This man is crazy.'
After looking around for a while, Gaold looked down at Kangnan again and
untied the rope binding her hands.
'I need to run.'
That was the first thought that came to Kangnan's mind.
But before she could act, Gaold extended his hand.
"Can you stand? Judging by your appearance, you seem to be from the
south. What tribe are you from?"
Forgetting her fear, Kangnan glared fiercely at Gaold.
None of the people who had extended a hand to her with kindness had ever
been beneficial.
"I am a wolf."
Gaold's half-closed eyes looked at her fiery face.
"The wolf tribe. I heard they were annihilated. It must have been
tough."
'He understands the southern language?'
It was surprising that this madman, who looked worse than a beggar,
understood her.
"What's your name?"
Wondering who this man was, Kangnan finally spoke.
"Kangnan. I am Kangnan."
"Kangnan?"
Gaold searched his increasingly blurry memories for the meaning.
"The soul of a wolf."
He then smiled gently.
"It's a wonderful name, Kangnan."
Kangnan would never forget the emotion she felt at that moment.
"Let's go. You're badly hurt. You need treatment."
Kangnan followed Gaold to a cave in the forest.
Though still filled with wariness, she needed someone's help at that
moment.
Gaold handed her some dry bread from his bag.
It was as hard as a rock but plentiful enough to last several
days.
She was extremely hungry, but the bread was difficult to chew with a
child's jaw unless softened with saliva.
Gaold chewed it easily.
What puzzled her was the groaning sound that escaped from deep within
his throat every time he moved his jaw.
Thinking he was indeed mad, Kangnan declared,
"I'll leave tomorrow morning."
Gaold nodded without trying to stop her.
That night.
"Ugh. Ugh."
Gaold woke up to faint groans coming from where Kangnan was.
"What's wrong? Are you in pain?"
"Nothing… it's nothing."
Sitting up, Gaold saw Kangnan's pale face drenched in cold sweat.
"Tell me. What's wrong?"
"Nothing… it's nothing…!"
When Kangnan gritted her teeth and stubbornly refused to speak, Gaold
lay back down.
"Sleep. We're leaving at dawn."
As time passed and midnight approached, Kangnan crawled out of the cave
and staggered into the forest.
Moments later, Gaold's eyes snapped open.