Chapter 502:
Wholehearted Resolve (1)
"Even if life deceives you, do not be sad or angry."
As Gando looked back, Uorin smiled bitterly.
"That's just how life is."
"......"
Gando remained silent.
Well, if it's true, Uorin, the Mitochondrial Eve, must be a truly
unfortunate woman.
But what was important to Gando now was why Uorin suddenly called him to
the Empress's office to talk about something unexpected.
"Is there something you wish to command me?"
Uorin chuckled at Gando's honest question, one that left no room for
calculation.
Former captain of the Magic Association's guard, Thunder's Gando.
But in reality, he was assigned the role of observing Gaold's movements,
being the biological son of the former Empress of Kashan, Mistra.
Since Mistra did not raise Gando, there was no maternal affection from
Uorin.
So what about Gando?
Did he consider her his mother?
"I do have something for you to do."
"I will accomplish anything you ask."
Gando immediately bowed and lowered his head.
As a mere 4th-grade official mage, the reason he had kept his life until
now, after fulfilling the mission given to him since birth, was his decision to become Uorin's
dog.
Uorin, trying to act with a motherly, compassionate look, soon realized
it wasn't fitting and spoke directly.
"Rise. There's still some time before everything is over. Before
that, just be my company for a moment."
Although Gando didn't know what she meant by everything being over, he
decided not to ask.
One wrong step with a being like Mitochondrial Eve could cost more than
just one life.
"Understood. I will listen."
"Heh, it's a bit boring."
Uorin opened the bottle of strong alcohol on the table.
Even before pouring, the drink already emitted a strong scent.
Filling a crystal glass with ice, she poured the alcohol and handed it
to Gando.
Whether Gando hesitated or not, Uorin filled her own glass, drinking
about a third of it.
"Haah..."
With her red tongue flicking, Uorin exhaled towards the ceiling.
Unlike usual, the Empress of Kashan looked strangely sad today.
"Gando."
"Yes."
Mother.
Gando swallowed his last words.
"Human hearts are truly strange. Sometimes insignificant, but that
insignificance grows, and eventually, it can consume everything."
Gando was only planning to listen.
"For countless years, I, Teraje, have built Kashan into the
strongest empire. There were many obstacles in the process."
Uorin reminisced about Teraje's memories.
"Among those obstacles, there was one time when Kashan almost fell
completely."
Had such an event occurred?
As Mistra's son, Gando had studied Kashan's history, but this was a
story he had never heard of.
"Even now, many factions are watching Kashan for an opportunity to
devour it. By force, by stirring up trouble, by economic pressure. There are many ways. What would you
choose?"
Without thinking, Gando shook his head.
"I would choose no option."
Kashan was the strongest empire, a pillar of the Three Emperors.
History told that no nameless faction could bring it down.
"True. Kashan is strong. But it's not impossible. In fact, it's so
easy and simple to take this vast empire."
"... What method would that be?"
Although Gando had decided to listen, he couldn't help but ask this
time.
"The heart."
Uorin raised one corner of her mouth, as if she knew that was an empty
answer.
"Teraje, the Empress of Kashan, me—I could simply give it
away."
Gando couldn't refute it.
The methods to take Kashan never seemed simpler than what Uorin had
suggested.
And did such a thing... really happen?
Uorin recalled the past.
Though not a personal experience, the poisoned memory seeped back into
her new body, making her heart ache.
"Something you can only throw away. Something you can never
recover. Something that can grow bigger than Kashan, bigger than anything in this world."
The deeper Uorin's history with Teraje grew, the more the events of that
time were buried in the vast database. But today, she wanted to bring it up.
Instinctively, someone with a future sense knew that today might be the
last day.
Uorin smiled sadly.
It was a smile she had never shown before, a true womanly smile.
"That is the human heart, Gando."
Shirone's pupils were fixed towards the sky as he stretched his body
like a bow.
The price for activating Ataraxia instantly was a mere 15 seconds of
incapacitation.
This moment, where Shirone couldn't even speak, showed how much his mind
was focused.
Ikael's eyes were wildly shaken as she watched Shirone.
'Why would he do such a thing...!'
Ataraxia was a trigger for amplification.
Thus, amplifying Shirone's mind was possible, but the aftermath was the
real problem.
To amplify everything meant to transcend limits.
From what Ikael knew, this was the most extreme method amplification
could produce.
Explosion.
It would explode his mind and unleash powerful strength.
It could only happen by throwing one's whole being into it, and the
result would be unimaginably powerful.
But an explosion, as the word suggested, was a momentary action. After
everything exploded, all that would be left was shattered remains.
'Ugh!'
Shirone waited for the moment when he could move within his massively
expanding mind.
For the first time in his life, or perhaps in a way that he may never
reach even after a lifetime of effort, a massive sensation was spreading.
"Sh... Shirone..."
Even, Plu, a zoner, could not gauge Shirone's Spirit Zone.
And this would almost certainly make Shirone's condition worse.
"Shirone!"
Plu immediately cast teleportation and flew towards Shirone.
But even faster than that, the Archangel of Annihilation, Faiel, arrived
before Shirone.
Whoooooo!
The features created from the light in Faiel's hood swirled like
cappuccino foam and were sucked into the center.
Even the Archangel felt a sense of crisis, as Shirone's Spirit Zone far
exceeded the normal range.
Judicial Halo - Apateia.
The magic circle spun and turned dark, starting to absorb Shirone's
Spirit Zone.
Plu, growing even more anxious, kicked the ground and flew upward,
raising Phoenix toward the Archangel, who could only evoke images of death.
'I have to do it!'
Just like Crude cast his mind, just like Shirone cast his into Ataraxia,
she too threw everything in her mind as a mage.
'If I can just buy even 1 second, no, 0.1 seconds.'
As her resolve clicked into place, Faiel swiftly turned his head.
While preparing to activate Phoenix, upon seeing Faiel's face, he
froze.
The end of the abyss was there.
"Aaaaaah!"
Without realizing it, a scream escaped, and the process of Faiel's hand
swinging slowly entered his view.
Moreover, the speed at which he felt his own reactions was about 100
times slower than that.
Just as he was certain of death, Faiel suddenly turned toward
Shirone.
'This...
Shirone's Spirit Zone, which had been sucked into Apateia, suddenly
disappeared.
At the same time, a flash of light fell from the sky, striking the place
where Faiel had stood.
Boooom!
The shockwave alone sent Plu flying tens of meters.
Meanwhile, Faiel, narrowly dodging, tilted his head in confusion and
observed Shirone.
"Hmphhh!"
Shirone's mind was still expanding, and he had no idea when the
explosion would end.
But that no longer mattered.
'I won't forgive you.'
His whole heart was thrown into Ataraxia with just that.
"Whoooo!"
Angered by the fact that he had backed down against a mere human, Faiel
unleashed the scream of annihilation.
Then, at a blinding speed, he disappeared and swung a black hand toward
Shirone.
Realizing it instinctively, Shirone's eyes widened.
'Frenzied.'
Flash!
A blinding light spread, pushing every material within a 100-meter
radius as if it were reacting to iron filings in a magnet.
With a heartbeat of 1000 beats per second, even Faiel couldn't escape
the light's curtain.
And… there were 200 of them.
Elysion - Multiple Frenzied.
"AAAAA!"
Faiel, trapped in the overlapping light curtain, bounced in all
directions within a 1-kilometer radius for a full second.
'A mere human...!'
Faiel spread his limbs wide and maximized his ability to
annihilate.
"Uoooh!"
His body, now turned to darkness, melted the frenzied state and was
finally fixed in place.
Then, the light chains wrapped around his body.
Shining Chain.
"Krrr!"
Faiel's body shuddered as he struggled to break free from the Shining
Chain.
But the tighter he tried, the stronger the tightening light
became.
Boom, boom, boom!
Faiel, bound by the chain, slammed into the ground at an unimaginable
speed.
Then, as the chain loosened, his body was thrown into the air.
Shirone, already looking at the spot where Faiel had become a speck,
bent his lower body.
Frenzied Light.
As the wings of light spread, they instantly disappeared.
Fwoooosh!
Shirone's body, after striking the wings at an incredible speed,
immediately caught up to Faiel and crashed into him.
The friction of the air alone caused Armand's robes to transform into
mineral substances, wrapping around Shirone's body.
Tearing through the air like a giant metal bullet, Shirone flew toward
Faiel and unleashed the Photon Cannon.
Boom!
From the ground, Plu watched in horror at the horrifying sphere of
light.
The Photon Cannon had a diameter of 20 meters.
Grrrrk!
The flash of the Photon Cannon sent Faiel plummeting through the ground,
deep into the underground.
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
Still in the air, Shirone created dozens of Photon Cannons, each the
size of the one before.
Even from afar, it looked as though there were dozens of suns in the sky
to Plu's eyes.
Rrrrrr-rrrgh!
The Photon Cannons fell in volleys, and the tremendous mass hit the
ground, causing the earth to shake.
"That's... impossible..."
Plu couldn't believe her eyes, even though she saw it.
Each shot emitted the same destructive power as the Photon Cannons that
normally pierced Ataraxia.
It wasn't just one magic, but the amplification of Shirone's spirit
itself, which caused the result, but the more this happened, the greater Ikael's fear grew.
"Stop it, Shirone!"
This couldn't last forever.
Even an Archangel couldn't recover once their mind exploded.
Ikael rushed toward Shirone with all her might, but Satiel, who had just
been distracted from the battle, glared and chased after them.
"Where do you think you're going!"
Meanwhile, a dust cloud of about a kilometer radius was rising where
Faiel had crashed.
Slowly but steadily expanding, the smoke suddenly began to spiral toward
the center.
Whoooosh!
Deep underground, Faiel, using Apateia, annihilated everything around
his and flew up from a pit hundreds of meters deep.
Shirone was already there, waiting.
"Nephilim...!"
The moment Faiel saw that repulsive face, he lunged at it.
But in the end, he couldn't move a meter forward and fell to his knees,
exhausted.
"Krrrk!"
This should never have happened.
What kind of human could make an Archangel kneel with their full
strength?
'No…'
Faiel recalled something and lifted his head.
There was one.
The most powerful human in the history of Heaven, someone who fought
against countless Archangels.
That Gaian's name was...
"McClain Goffin."