Chapter 508:
The Blowback of Evil (2)
"The Law of Evil, Satan."
Gando followed Uorin's words exactly.
Currently, Uorin is pointing to Satan as the prime suspect, but the name
Satan is also familiar in human history.
Of course, no one has seen its true form, but through numerous documents
and paintings, one could subjectively imagine Satan's appearance.
"Yes. If there is something that Anke Ra cannot handle, it would be
evil. And if there is a concept that represents that evil, Satan is fitting."
Since ancient times, the kingdoms of heaven and earth have interacted,
albeit limitedly.
In the process, humanity has accumulated histories of gods, angels,
demons, and monsters, which have become myths and settled in people's hearts.
"The confrontation between good and evil is different from the
confrontation between nothingness and existence. It's not clear. But it is a concept that certainly
exists. So when did it start?"
When Gando couldn't answer, Uorin pointed to the ceiling with his index
finger.
"From the beginning. To be precise, from the moment we could think
of the concept of 'beginning.'"
Anke Ra defined this universe as a garbage dump abandoned by God and
decided to become a god himself.
And from that moment, the universe became the universe, but in reality,
it was the same as if it had existed even before he was there.
"Good and evil are like that. Something that opposes the whole.
Perhaps it is endless chaos and instability. And from the moment we perceived the universe, it began to
act on us under the names of good and evil."
"Therefore… it means that Anke Ra cannot eliminate the law of
evil."
Uorin crossed his legs and rested his chin on his hand.
"Hmm, that's the most plausible theory for now. We can hear more
details once Team B from Tormia's Cage returns."
Gando finally felt like he was getting a clue.
What Anke Ra cannot do, humans can.
"In the end, what Ra wanted from us was for a follower of good to
defeat Satan."
Uorin put on a highly pretentious smile.
It looked lovely because he knew it was a joke.
"That's one way to think about it. But Gando, humans are not beings
who choose between good and evil."
Gando blinked.
Humans can choose between good and evil.
In fact, even he himself can decide that now.
"Then, what kind of beings are humans?"
"Beings who define good and evil."
"…"
"There is no absolute boundary that divides good and evil. That is
the biggest reason why Anke Ra cannot eliminate evil. But humans are different. We are extremely selfish
and individualistic, so we can flow towards good or evil, and therefore we are unstable."
Uorin leaned back in his chair, holding a crystal glass filled with
liquor.
"Instability always reveals weaknesses. That's why people say
humans are weak. But there is also something that makes us strong."
"What is that…?"
When Gando, who had been lost in thought, raised his head and asked,
Uorin brought the glass to his lips and pointed at Gando with his finger.
"Conviction."
Boom!
Etella, who was slammed into the wall, fell to the floor in a crouched
position.
"Ugh!"
The exhaustion from the battle was one thing, but the frustration was
overwhelming.
Currently, Etella is the person with the strongest will of good in
heaven.
And because of that, she was the one who could stop Satan.
However, even when she mustered all her strength to push Satan back,
Satan quickly recovered his energy and counterattacked with an even stronger body than before.
Without even looking, she could tell that the laws of this world were
tilting in Satan's favor.
"Heh, a tough woman."
The 30-meter-tall Satan cracked his neck and approached Etella.
The building they were in was already completely collapsed, and only the
low walls indicated that it was once a room for angels.
"Why do you keep fighting?"
Satan asked, looking at Etella's fierce eyes.
"Why risk your life for such a foolish idea? Evil always rules the
world. It's the most efficient means to achieve desires."
Satan grabbed the roof of the temple standing in front of him and tore
it off.
When he clenched his fist, the solid bricks crumbled like dust.
"The easiest way to get something is just to take it. If you see
food over there, just go and take it. Humans know this simple truth very well. So why do something so
foolish?"
Etella placed her hands on the floor and slowly stood up.
"If humans are truly evil beings…"
Then, taking a fighting stance again, she looked up at Satan's towering
face.
"Why does this world still exist?"
This time, Satan was silent.
"Sure, humans might not need something like good. They might create
their own sense of justice and live well even if left to their desires. But remember this clearly. The
reason why many people maintain their humanity in this life filled with rampant evil is because a few
with the will of good have endlessly protected it."
"So, you fight too? Even at the cost of your desires?"
Etella chuckled.
"This is my desire. I selfishly want this world to be filled with
love."
Hoo…
As her breath exhaled long, vitality began to return to Etella's
body.
"Good surely exists in places where evil like you don't even
glance. And I am alive too."
Etella gritted her teeth and charged.
"The fact that humanity still exists is, to me, the clearest
conviction of good!"
As Satan watched Etella leap off the ground, he frowned.
Conviction.
Humans believe in what they think is right.
That's why humans are dangerous.
Even knowing that following the methods of evil is sweet and easy, those
who pursue good have always existed.
"Ridiculous."
Satan raised his fist, aiming at the charging Etella.
"Come at me, human!"
"Tahaaa!"
Etella dodged the fist and ran up Satan's forearm, spinning and kicking
his jaw.
Satan's massive, rock-like face turned, and as Etella fell, she crossed
her arms and caught her breath.
As her arms opened and her eyes shone, the ultimate technique of
Yin-Yang Wave Fist unfolded.
Thousand-Hand Avalokitesvara Thunder Strike.
Dudududududu!
As the rapid strikes pounded the solid chest, waves spread from
within.
Countless waves interfered, refracted, and reflected, spreading
throughout Satan's body.
'I believe! In humanity!'
Etella increased the speed of her strikes to the point where she
couldn't even breathe.
'In the will of good in the human heart!'
Dududududu!
A torrential rain fell inside Satan's body.
"Ughhh!"
A torrential rain fell inside Satan's body.
"Hey! Uriel!"
It was a long time ago.
Kariel set out to find Uriel, who had once again destroyed his
creation.
Just looking at the huge figure staring blankly at the sky was enough to
make him feel annoyed.
'So ignorant.'
Kariel flew in a fierce trajectory.
"Hey! Why do you keep breaking my stuff?"
Uriel turned his head and answered simply.
"Just make it unbreakable."
"W-what?"
"I am the Archangel of Destruction. I can break anything. If you
are also the Archangel of Creation, shouldn't you make something that can't be broken?"
Kariel tried to retort but gritted his teeth.
"Damn it!"
He had no rebuttal.
"I can make it! But what you broke wasn't that kind of thing in the
first place! I'm going to tell Ikael everything."
"Pathetic. Ikael is the only one born before us, but she's still
just another archangel. Handle your own affairs."
"Haha! You say that, but you won't be able to do anything. Just
wait, I'll…"
As Kariel turned around, Ikael flew in from afar.
Kariel's face brightened as he called out to her with his halo
shining.
"Ikael! Ikael!"
When Ikael arrived, Kariel reported Uriel's misdeeds in detail.
"He breaks everything I make. Please scold him."
Unlike his earlier confident words, Uriel also turned his head
awkwardly.
"Hmm."
Ikael looked over Kariel's creation, which was in a terrible
state.
"Yes, it's severely damaged. Uriel was too harsh."
"From now on, I'll make something that can never be broken.
Something so strong that Uriel can't do anything to it."
Ikael smiled beautifully and said,
"Of course, that would be wonderful. But Kariel, if everything were
unbreakable, there would come a day when you could no longer create anything new."
"But…"
"Without destruction, there is no creation. You know that, don't
you?"
"But it feels bad. It feels like I'm losing to Uriel."
"Not at all. You are the Angel of Creation. You can create the most
beautiful things even in the most dreadful ruins."
Ikael gently stroked Kariel's head.
"Create the most beautiful thing in the world. Something so
beautiful that Uriel wouldn't even think of destroying it."
"…"
Kariel seemed to realize something and had a blank expression.
Ikael pressed her forehead against his and said,
"You can do it, right, Kariel?"
"Cough! Cough!"
Kariel, waiting for his end, coughed harshly.
His pupils were already completely dilated, showing no signs of
life.
It was a terrible sight.
'All I've made is ruins. What more can I create here? Ikael, you were
wrong. I couldn't do it after all.'
From a place higher than the sky, the faint sound of the atmosphere
tearing could be heard.
'Something is coming.'
"Kariel."
Ikael approached.
God's punishment would soon strike heaven, but she thought she had to be
with Kariel in his final moments.
"Hmph, you're finally paying attention to me? I'm so honored I
could disappear."
"Are you okay?"
"Very okay. I'll disappear soon. I'll be gone quickly, so just
leave."
Ikael knelt in front of Kariel and placed her hand on his twisted
chest.
"I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I made you like this."
Kariel closed his mouth.
Despite her harsh words, Ikael's gentle demeanor was not unpleasant to
accept.
'Ah…'
Kariel realized belatedly.
Ikael had always been kind to him.
"You must… resent me?"
Ikael slowly shook her head.
"No. Why would I resent you?"
Those thrilling words made Kariel even more pained.
"It's the end anyway. I'm going to disappear. So be honest. You
resent me, don't you? I insulted you, mocked you, and made you suffer."
"Kariel, you are a good angel."
"Don't lie!"
Where did this strength come from?
Kariel shouted as if he didn't care if he disappeared right away.
"You loved humans! You sided with them until the end! So why are
you lying to me?"
Ikael looked down at Kariel with a pitying expression.
"Yes, I love humans."
Her gentle touch stroked Kariel's head.
It was the same touch he had felt long ago.
"And Kariel, you are the angel most like a human among those I
know."
"Sniff! Sob!"
Tears flowed down Kariel's cheeks as he tightly closed his eyes.
He finally realized why he hated humans.
"I'm sorry! Sob! I'm sorry!"
Ikael continued to stroke Kariel's head with a sad smile mixed with
sorrow and pity.
Kariel's eyelids slowly began to close as he became drowsy.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry…"
Mother.
A name that could never exist for an angel was the last thought engraved
in Kariel's halo.
His horribly mangled body turned into a brilliant light, marking the end
of his existence.
'Anke Ra, please watch over poor Kariel.'
Even after Kariel disappeared, Ikael stayed in place, and Plu, who was
standing behind her, turned his head to the sky.
God's punishment was still not visible.
'Well, of course.'
It would be at an incredible speed.
Once it came into view, it would hit the ground so quickly that there
would be no time to react.
Time left until the destruction of heaven.
4 minutes and 32 seconds.