Chapter 512:
Questions Left Behind (2)
The distortion that started at the fingertips spread throughout the
body.
The balance of the law.
The balance created by destroying archangels and eliminating numerous
angels was being disrupted by the powerful shock inflicted on Satan's body.
The 180 million strikes of Avalokitesvara's avatar against Satan each
became a law of good, destroying Satan's law.
"Ughhh!"
Satan's body twisted like lightning.
It felt as if someone was wringing his body like laundry, and despite
his will, his face was etched with expressions of shock and fear.
"Ugh…"
Trembling all over, Satan barely maintained his form and looked down at
Miro.
As Avalokitesvara's avatar disappeared, Miro, who was clasping her hands
in a state of transcendence, regained her senses and staggered.
Her face was pale, and she was drenched in sweat as if she had run a
long distance.
"Is it over?"
Sain checked Satan's condition with a tense expression.
The Ultimate Strike of Avalokitesvara was the culmination of the law
that the strongest Prajna in history could manifest.
If this couldn't destroy Satan, no human could stop him.
"Grrr!"
Satan staggered away as if fleeing from something, toppling the
structures of the temple as he moved.
"Kueeeh!"
Then, as if startled, he opened his eyes wide and vomited black
substances.
Thick black smoke poured out of his enormous throat like a waterfall,
tainting the ground with a murky aura.
"Ugh!"
Though it wasn't a physical substance, just touching it made one feel as
if their bones were rotting.
"Cough! Cough!"
After expelling everything inside him, Satan took a rough breath and
examined his condition.
"Hehehe."
He was still at the end of the sky, and the ground seemed infinitely far
away.
"Hahahaha!"
He had endured.
Even the perfect chaos that he was felt fear before Avalokitesvara's
avatar, but in the end, not even 180 million laws could annihilate him.
"I am the fear! I am the evil!"
Boom!
As a massive fist slammed down, Arius grabbed Miro and cast a flicker
spell.
But Satan no longer cared about her and continued to destroy heaven,
heading towards the spire of Aravot.
With each stomp and punch, the landscape of heaven turned into
ruins.
"What, what is that?"
The rebels who had entered Aravot screamed and looked up at
Satan.
Boom!
As his foot came down, everyone trapped inside turned into a bloody
mess.
"Is this… how it ends?"
Even the archangels who had watched Avalokitesvara's strike in shock
couldn't help but feel despair.
Etella, you must believe.
Except for one person.
Believe, Etella.
Etella charged at Satan, who was overturning the world.
"Huuuuh!"
The world seemed to be filled with evil.
If everyone were evil, we would have already
perished.
Even if one couldn't help but be shaken by the power of evil.
One good can block a hundred evils.
The desire to be good.
The human heart that feels ashamed of evil and proud of good.
"Huuuuh!"
Etella shed hot tears.
Just as evil couldn't completely dominate the world, it was also
difficult for the world to be filled only with good, but she believed.
Humans could choose.
One day, all of us could overcome the fear of chaos and reach the
highest state.
Even if it took thousands, tens of thousands, or hundreds of millions of
years, if we fought and fought and fought again.
As long as we keep good until the end, evil can never
dominate humanity. So believe.
'I believe, Master!'
Etella stopped and clenched her fists.
Crack!
Broken bones pierced through her flesh, but the overwhelming emotion
ignored the pain and awakened her will of good.
The enlightenment that awakens the world!
'The enlightenment that awakens the world!'
Comes with a roar.
The strongest roar of the Karsis Monastery - the Roar of Demon
Destruction.
"Ah…!"
The moment Etella opened her mouth.
Kaaaaaang!
A massive will of good roared and engulfed Satan.
"Graaaah!"
Satan, who was walking towards the spire of Aravot, arched his body and
screamed.
The law of evil, which had been condensed and shattered by Miro's
Ultimate Strike, was in fragments.
As the new will of good surged in, his body began to break apart in the
form of those fragments.
His skin turned red like lava, and parts of his body twisted and burned
like ash.
"Heh, hehehe!"
Realizing he couldn't endure, Satan bared his wicked fangs and looked
down at Etella.
"Well done, human."
As if standing on a pile of logs, the hot air rose, and Satan's body
began to lift into the sky.
"This is not your victory. I will not be annihilated. One day, I
will return and fill this world with evil."
Roar!
Satan roared, infusing his upper body with power as if burning
himself.
As the massive pillar of heat ascended, his disintegrated body fluttered
like dust.
"Satan… has been annihilated."
Satiel, who was watching from the sky of the temple, muttered.
The Archangel of Light, Rael, also looked at the spire of Aravot with a
serious expression.
The disappearance of the massive barrier that blocked Ra's will meant
they had a chance to reset the Akashic Records.
"Let's go, Satiel. The world will reset soon."
Once the reset is activated, the world will start again from an off
state.
But most beings, unaware of the reset, will simply repeat the same
process following the flow of time.
Therefore, the events that occurred before the reset will be repeated in
the world after the reset.
The archangels will be annihilated, Satan will fall to humans, and most
angels will be taken by the Garas.
'What events should we preserve?'
The two archangels flew back into the ruins of the temple.
What they chose was to save as many angels as possible.
'Satan has been annihilated!'
Anke Ra, at the top floor of the spire of Aravot, opened his eyes
wide.
The being outside the law, which the Akashic Records couldn't control,
had just disappeared.
Therefore, if the world were reset now, they could create a new future
while maintaining Satan's annihilation.
But Ra did not choose to reset.
'I must listen.'
A large eye that had burst through the skin quickly darted left and
right.
As the pupils moved at an electric speed, creating afterimages,
something with wings of light was summoned.
It was the avatar of Shirone, who was paying the price of the Valhalla
Action.
Anke Ra, looking at Shirone, who was kneeling with her head bowed,
transmitted his voice by rubbing the ganglia attached to the wall.
"Do you remember the promise? You promised to bring me the answer,
risking the survival of humanity."
"……"
"You have the right and duty to answer the question left by
Goffin."
"……"
Shirone still did not respond.
A thick flash of lightning struck from the sky.
Boom!
The one who landed in a mounted position, burning the fragments of the
ground, was the Archangel of Destruction, Uriel.
Compressing his power in the landing position, he then shot towards
Miro.
"Ooooooh!"
The Ultimate Staff spun at a terrifying speed, burning the air.
It was no coincidence that he revealed himself now.
The annihilation of Satan meant that Ra's will would soon be
activated.
The world would be reset, and Ra would somehow conquer humanity
again.
'Before that…'
Miro must be eliminated.
While Etella decided Satan's annihilation, it was no exaggeration to say
that Miro played nine-tenths of the role in reaching that result.
Whether she existed or not could determine the final victory, so Uriel
decided that Miro must be erased before the reset.
"Woof! Grrr!"
Arius charged at Uriel, who was rushing with the aura of a
warrior.
Though he was a loyal servant who took Miro as his faith, as a grave
robber, he had no way to stop the Archangel of Destruction.
"Yelp!"
With one blow from the Ultimate Staff, Arius's body was slammed into the
ground and bounced like rubber.
Uriel ignored him and charged at Miro.
Though her power must have been extremely depleted after striking Satan,
she was not an opponent to be underestimated.
Ragnarok - Suppression.
Boom!
Uriel, who had spread the judicial halo, charged at Miro and stopped
abruptly.
'…As expected, it's Miro.'
Was there another scale magician in the human world as powerful as to
stop the suppression of Ragnarok?
Miro, pressing Uriel's forehead with her hand forming a seal, smiled
wearily.
"It's troublesome to be approached like this. There are men waiting
in line right now."
"Ooooooh!"
Uriel's body, filled with the energy of destruction, began to glow as if
it would explode at any moment.
As Miro's smile disappeared and she hurriedly widened the distance,
Uriel, transformed into a flash, charged.
Iron Wheel Eye - Sun and Moon Halo.
Sain controlled Uriel's power, but he could only prevent instant
death.
"Ugh!"
As Miro was tackled in the abdomen, red blood spurted from her mouth,
and she rolled on the ground.
"Phew, this is tough."
Wiping her blood-red lips, Miro looked up to see Uriel about to slam
down the Ultimate Staff on her forehead.
Sain charged with a scream.
"Ahhh!"
Uriel, suddenly feeling his strength drain, looked down.
Sain was biting his ankle.
"Huuu! Huuu!"
The total sum of the elements controlled by the Sun and Moon Halo is
always the same.
Thus, Sain was controlling Uriel's power by reducing the Spirit Zone to
the boundary of his body.
"Pathetic."
Uriel shook his leg, but Sain clung on like a leech.
Bang!
Annoyed, Uriel stomped his foot, slamming Sain's face into the
ground.
"Ugh…"
Sain's jaw, still biting the leg, trembled.
'Yes. You were right, Gaold. You were right.'
Dignity and pride didn't matter.
The reputation of being the strongest mental mage in the Black Line
didn't matter.
What truly mattered was protecting with all his heart.
"Huuu!"
He had to endure.
If he could save Miro, he would do anything.
'Damn it! If you're going to do it, do it quickly!'
When would the reset happen?
Or perhaps, were they already living in a world after the reset?
Even if the reset had occurred, not knowing when it happened was Sain's
last puzzle.
"There is nothing more to expect from humans."
Uriel, spreading his wings and flying a few meters, crashed down with
all his might, sending Sain rolling on the ground with a broken jaw.
"Aaagh!"
Realizing that the control of the Sun and Moon Halo was gone, Uriel
walked back to Miro.
He aimed the Ultimate Staff at her forehead, her face showing signs of
exhaustion.
"This is the end, Miro. Our victory."
"Stop, Uriel."
Uriel turned his head to see Ikael approaching, looking disheveled and
battered.
Turning his gaze back to Miro, he said,
"Even you cannot stop me now. I will eliminate Miro before the
reset."
"No, it's already too late. Look at the sky."
Uriel looked up.
Though invisible to human eyes, an immense energy was descending towards
Aravot from a distance that archangels could sense.
'So that's it…'
Even if Satan was gone, Anke Ra could not escape annihilation if God's
punishment fell.
Ultimately, there was a time limit on the reset.
Time left until the destruction of heaven: 23 seconds.