Chapter 570:
As Kaiden's body blurred, Shirone saw the empty training ground.
Kaiden's speed was impossible to follow without Armand's neural
enhancement.
'Was he always this strong?'
In the graduation class, Shirone hadn't even known Kaiden wielded a
sword.
Now, with a sword in hand, Kaiden was far superior to his magic-wielding
self.
'He's just a swordsman!'
Even with the Photon Cannon's barrier, Kaiden pierced through and swung
his sword.
"Die!"
The blade grazed Shirone's throat and disappeared again.
Shirone, using Scatter Movement, spread into eight flashes and
relocated, but Kaiden was already there waiting.
Grabbing Shirone's head, Kaiden slammed his face into a tree trunk with
brutal force.
"Die! Die!"
With all his strength, Kaiden pulled Shirone, ready to crush his
skull.
"Dieeeee!"
Crash!
The tree trunk splintered, and Shirone's eyes glowed as he
glared.
'Time Reversal!'
One second earlier.
"Dieeeee!"
As the tree trunk rushed towards him, Shirone compressed photons in his
hand and swung his arm.
With a bang, the tree trunk split in the middle.
"What…!"
As Kaiden's balance shifted forward, Shirone twisted his body and drove
a Photon Cannon into Kaiden's abdomen.
"Ugh!"
Feeling the impact like a hammer blow, Kaiden's body flew to the center
of the training ground.
Wiping the blood from his forehead, Shirone glared at the crouching
Kaiden, who had rolled back and stabbed his sword into the ground.
"You…! Ugh!"
Kaiden's eyes lost focus, and he spat blood.
'Damn! What just happened?'
More unbelievable than the shock was the strange question lingering in
his mind.
'There was no sense of incongruity.'
The battle had unfolded naturally, making the current outcome
acceptable.
'That's the problem. It felt natural.'
He thought he had secured victory, but now he was the one
injured.
'There must have been some impact to my head.'
If the best way for a swordsman to disrupt a mage's concentration is to
target the head, then the fact that he managed a counterattack despite multiple head impacts meant one
of two things.
Either his mental endurance was extraordinary, or he had some
ability.
While most would bet on the former, Kaiden's intuition couldn't ignore
the latter.
'What is that?'
Light shimmered around Shirone's body.
"The third Scramble has been summoned."
"The coordinates are…"
Iruki scanned the screen, storing the information in his mind like a
photograph.
'It's at Training Ground No. 2000.'
That was the closest coordinate.
But before casting teleportation, Iruki stopped and looked at the
sky.
"…"
Sometimes, you have to make a choice even if you're not sure.
'Once bitten, there's no turning back.'
Swiping the Master Card's screen, Iruki checked the overall status of
the participants.
Like Shirone, most had collected two Random Cards.
Choosing Random when the hand's value is low is standard, but some had
chosen Black or White for their second card.
'They're either planning to call a Kang in the third stage or waiting
for the fourth.'
This was understandable, but the issue was this.
Eden's hand was ○○ (Saint).
It might be too early to judge, but she was the only one who didn't
choose Random and collected another White Card.
'She might be aiming for a Triumvirate.'
Iruki cast teleportation.
'That can't be right.'
He headed not to the coordinates of the Scramble he would collect but to
where he suspected Eden would be.
'Now's not the time to be collecting Scrambles.'
Once a card is collected, its status is recorded on each Master Card,
and the coordinates disappear, so he had a rough idea of Eden's location.
'Of course, Eden might not be there. But this is worth the risk.'
Eden would collect another White Card.
The strongest hand in Scramble Royal, ○○○○○○ (Infinity).
Her strategy was to collect all six White Cards today and start
destroying the opponent's Scrambles from tomorrow.
'If she destroys just one per round, our team will lose 36 cards over
the next six days.'
This strategy was possible because she was a defensive magic specialist
with zero offensive power.
'She thinks she can hold out until the last day. As a pacifist, she
doesn't need to call a Kang.'
That was the alliance team's grand strategy.
They had to stop Eden from collecting cards before she completed her six
White Cards and gained a free roll.
'This is the spot.'
A Scramble glowed in the middle of the iron bar of the Uncrossable
Bridge.
At the same time, Eden appeared on the other side, having
teleported.
'Bingo!'
Though they couldn't see each other's eyes from a distance, the
atmosphere conveyed the situation.
'It's a race!'
Two flashes soared and curved towards the center of the Uncrossable
Bridge.
'Atomic Bomb.'
As Iruki detonated the area around the Scramble upon arrival, Eden cast
her defensive magic.
'Saint Barrier.'
Her Spirit Zone emitted a white glow, pushing back the explosion's
flames.
'Damn, instant activation won't work?'
As a Servant, Iruki calculated equations much faster than other
explosive mages, but the power needed to break Eden's barrier was a problem.
Standing on the iron bar of the Uncrossable Bridge with her legs
together, Eden spoke.
"You didn't collect the Scramble."
"Other people's Scrambles always look bigger."
He joked, but Eden's expression grew colder.
"Servant Iruki. Quick judgment, but can you push me
out?"
The Saint Barrier's glow became even more radiant.
'She's definitely tricky.'
Defensive mages usually have numerous defensive measures for different
attributes and techniques, but Eden, as a cleric, only had the Saint Barrier.
Having one defensive magic that could block all types of attacks meant
it was vulnerable to all attacks.
But Eden, known as the greatest follower of the Yore Church, was
different.
Spreading her arms as if inviting him, Eden said,
"So, what will you do? Fight me? Or try a Kang?"
Iruki smiled bitterly.
"No. You won't accept it anyway."
She was prepared to respond to all Kangs with Pao, so there was no need
to hide her hand with Random.
'Eden's attack power is zero. There's no reason to call a Kang and
reveal my Random hand.'
As Iruki pondered, Eden slowly approached the Scramble.
"Then I'll take the Scramble…"
"Don't move."
Eden stopped again.
'She's definitely wary.'
Eden's strategy seemed perfect, but there was a gap.
Cancellation.
No matter how strong the defensive magic, if the omniscience is
canceled, she would be defenseless.
Hershey must have considered whether to ban Cancellation or
Armand.
But Fermi, who controlled Hershey from behind, ultimately chose
Armand.
Even if Eden's strategy faced minor setbacks, blocking Armand's combat
power was the priority.
'It's a bit humiliating.'
Eden remained still but kept talking.
"Do you think you can do it? It only takes me one second to grab
the Scramble. You have to analyze my omniscience in that time."
"One second. I could take a trip abroad in my mind."
As tension filled the air, a flash curved in and landed precisely behind
Eden.
That alone indicated the opponent's skill.
"You're late."
Without turning, Eden spoke, and Frings stood up.
"Sorry. It was quite a distance."
Iruki's insides burned as he smiled.
'Damn it.'
With Frings, the third-ranked senior, and Eden, the defensive mage, the
chances of getting the Scramble were slim.
Eden, now more relaxed, asked,
"How about now? Can you still do it?"
'This was a planned play.'
Hershey had calculated that Iruki would see through it early and
act.
Yet, Iruki couldn't back down because they couldn't let Eden collect
more White Cards.
In the highest combination of six stages, Saint (○○) and Religion (○○○)
felt entirely different.
As Iruki pondered, the sound of teleportation came from behind, and Amy
landed.
Realizing they had the same thought, Iruki smiled.
"You're late."
"Not too late."
Frings looked at Amy, who was slowly standing up, with disdain.
"You chose the wrong ally. If it's Amy of the Flames, then I,
Frings of the Ice…"
Amy interrupted, holding up her Master Card.
"Frings, Kang."
An electric signal flowed through Frings' mind.
"Amy has called a Kang."
In the situation where he had to decide between Kang and Pao within one
second, his mind raced.
Before arriving, he had checked Amy's hand: ⓡⓡ○, and his own: ●○●,
Republic.
'If she confidently called a Kang, does she have a Triumvirate? I can't
be sure. She might expect me to call Pao. It's a psychological game.'
Countless words compressed into a single feeling and struck his
mind.
'Amy's chance of having a Triumvirate is 33.3%. Even a draw would be
favorable for us.'
It was a probability worth taking.
"Kang."
As their Kangs clashed, Amy's Random Card was revealed on the Master
Card.
○●○ (Triumvirate).
"…"
Ruru's signal came.
"You have lost the Kang. All your cards are destroyed. You cannot
harm Amy until the next Scramble is summoned."
In the silence, Frings, having made his decision, touched his temple
with his index and middle fingers.
"Well, I'll be going…"
"Don't move, you jerk!"
As Frings teleported away, Amy immediately chased after him.
Iruki watched the direction they went.
'It'll be a close match in terms of movement. It won't be easy to steal
the Master Card.'
Amy was a striker for Shirone's team, but Frings was also a formidable
opponent.
"Anyway, it's just the two of us now. Shall we see if your
movements are faster than my thoughts?"
Eden kept her mouth shut.
-If you encounter Iruki early on…
Hershey's advice echoed in her mind.
-Just give up one card. It's best not to engage with Iruki for the next
seven days. The value of one card isn't worth having your omniscience analyzed.
Eden slowly stepped back.
"Fine, I'll concede. But can you take the second one as
easily?"
'Probably not.'
Knowing that Iruki was on the move, the alliance team would complicate
their routes even more.
In the worst case, Eden might never meet Iruki again.
'But the alliance team will lose out on the total travel distance. We'll
find a way to counter that.'
As Eden teleported away, Iruki approached the Scramble.
He had collected two Random Cards, and the result of opening them was
○●, a meaningless hand. But if he chose White here, he would complete a Triumvirate.
'Even if I choose Random, there's a 50% chance of getting a Triumvirate.
Plus, I can completely hide my hand.'
Iruki turned the Scramble into a Random Card and immediately opened it,
revealing a Black Card, completing ●○● (Republic).
"Sigh, I have the brains but no luck."
Since it wasn't the time for combat, he let go of his regrets and cast
Shining Magic three times towards the sky.
'It's the gathering signal!'
All members of Shirone's team, spread throughout the school, saw the
signal and moved.