Chapter 582:
As the sixth day of Scramble Royal passed its midpoint, the sky grew
darker.
Amy, returning to the hideout after confirming Iruki's signal, stopped
when she saw Kaiden sitting on a rock. He had recovered from his injuries sustained from Shirone and had
rested for two days, but his demeanor was different from before the start of Scramble Royal.
"Kaiden."
"Go."
Kaiden spoke without even looking at Amy.
'Kaiden doesn't have any cards.'
Although he had participated from the beginning today, he hadn't
collected any scrambles. This could be part of Iruki's strategy to concentrate the cards on Hershey, but
Kaiden hadn't been active at all.
"You're just going to let me go?"
"Yes. Even if you call Kang, it doesn't matter. It would be
annoying, but that's all."
Being dismissed so easily didn't sit well with Amy.
'What is he thinking?'
Kaiden gazed at the stars in the night sky.
"I keep my promises. I'm just waiting for Scramble Royal to
end."
He realized that killing Shirone was impossible in a team match where
card combinations were more important than brute strength.
"I admit I underestimated him. I lost completely. But will the same
result happen next time?"
If Shirone could assess his opponent's abilities and find a solution
quickly, Kaiden believed he could do the same.
"Shirone is impressive. The ability to control time. But now I
know. The real battle begins after Scramble Royal ends."
"If you do something like that, your life will be
over."
"It's already over."
Kaiden looked at the cross sword stuck in the ground.
"Maybe my cursed fate began when I abandoned the sword. Would magic
be any different? I'll just find something new."
Amy sighed and walked over to lean against a tree facing Kaiden.
"Come to think of it, this is the first time we're talking alone in
the graduating class."
The Red Eyes of the Karmis family and the Cross Star of the Cross family
were symbolic bloodlines that elevated the status of the Tormia Kingdom, beyond their political
influence.
Even though they were fierce rivals domestically, they often joined
forces against foreign threats.
"We did see each other at banquets when we were kids."
Kaiden recalled those times.
To the youngest student at Kaizen Sword School, Amy seemed like a
pathetic girl wandering the back alleys without purpose.
"Heh, but to meet at a magic school. Is this fate?"
"Confess to Maya."
Amy said, stepping away from the tree.
"You're good enough. If you approach her sincerely, she might
change her mind. Do you really need to vent your anger like this?"
"If I win Maya's love, would that benefit you too?"
Amy frowned.
"Why are you so twisted? Can't you just take a kind word at face
value?"
"If it doesn't sound kind, it's not a kind word. Especially if it
comes from the Karmis family."
"What do you mean by that?"
Kaiden gripped the handle of the cross sword and stood up.
"The Cross Star of the Cross family allows one to fully utilize
their destined talent."
"I know it's impressive."
"Impressive?"
Kaiden's lips twisted.
"In other words, it means you can't do anything outside of your
destined talent."
"……"
"Yes. The Red Eyes of the Karmis family. It takes effort to back up
and correct errors. But the Cross Star requires no effort. It's what you're born to do.
But…"
Kaiden gave a self-deprecating smile.
"Being good at something doesn't make you happy. Happiness is doing
what you want, no matter how trivial."
"That's an arrogant thought."
Amy remembered her childhood, struggling to find her path.
"Yes. Some might call it a privileged complaint."
Kaiden stood the cross sword vertically.
"At first, I thought it was a blessing. Being born different from
other Cross Stars. I could be the best at anything I wanted."
That was the Red Cross Star.
"But it comes with a price. Sacrifice. Do you understand,
Karmis?"
Kaiden's face contorted.
"If I truly desire something, I can't be the best."
He wanted to be an artist.
"The woman I truly love!"
Kaiden's eyes turned black.
"Will never love me back!"
'Murderous intent…!'
Amy leaped back.
"I am a bastard of fate! Born with a cursed destiny, never to be
happy! So I will kill Shirone, who took the woman I love!"
Kaiden bent his body like a demon, radiating murderous intent.
"Do you know the feeling of being good at something but actually
being able to do nothing?"
Amy shouted back.
"How would I know! Live your own life!"
Kaiden's brow furrowed.
"If you're venting, I'd listen all night, but someone who ruins
others' lives has no right to whine!"
"Move. This is your last chance."
"I won't move. I don't need to go to Shirone. I'll deal with anyone
meddling in my love life myself. That's how I live."
"You'll regret challenging the Cross, Karmis."
Blue electricity wrapped around the cross sword.
"I'll never regret it. Karmis always does what they
want."
Flames of the Heavenly City burned around Amy.
The eyes of the magic swordsman and gunner, capable of using both magic
and schema, clashed…
'Lightning Impact!'
Without hesitation, they charged at each other.
'Flame Strike!'
The two prestigious bloodlines of the kingdom collided head-on.
The fifth scramble was summoned.
Anchal's retirement was a boon for Shirone's team, but Amy's absence
from the mid-meeting was concerning.
Moreover, Nade's whereabouts were still unknown.
With a series of mysterious events unfolding, no one could tell which
way the scales of victory were tipping.
'Do what I can. I'll keep Pisho in check!'
Sabina, tasked with hindering the allied team's scramble collection,
infiltrated deep into enemy territory.
'What is this?'
A chilling, ominous energy was felt all around.
'Frings!'
Knowing she had to avoid him, Sabina attempted to teleport.
"Huh!"
But her escape route was already completely blocked.
'An enormous cold. Where did it come from?'
"Got you, Sabina."
Frings appeared, breaking through the frozen leaves with his
face.
Could such a malicious expression appear on a human face?
Seeing his deranged state, Sabina immediately cast Shining Magic.
'Rescue signal!'
Three flares shot into the sky, only to be reflected back by the ice
dome.
Within three seconds of spotting Frings, the air had completely
frozen.
"Don't worry. I won't make you angry anymore."
Frings had changed his approach to satisfying his desires.
"Your feelings don't matter. Whether you're displeased or
pleased."
To him, humans were now just dolls that screamed when buttons were
pressed.
"I'll twist you."
As he finished speaking, Sabina spun explosively.
'Air Flower.'
Forty air cuts per second spread in all directions, scraping the dome's
inner wall, but Frings closed the distance through the narrow gaps.
'Got him!'
Sabina's eyes sparkled as the direction of her spin reversed, pulling
the air towards her.
"Suction?"
Air Crash!
The atmosphere spun like a giant propeller, grinding the dome from the
inside.
"So you have one trick?"
Ice Wave!
Ice blades shot up from Frings' feet, covering Sabina.
Crack, crack, crack!
Even as the ice shattered against the atmospheric propeller, Frings
didn't stop his magic.
"Huuuuh!"
As the battle of techniques turned into a battle of magic power,
Sabina's spin began to slow.
'I'm freezing.'
Frings' revealed magic power soared without limit.
Five minutes later.
Sabina, twisted like a pretzel, struggled with her legs buried in the
ice.
"Ugh!"
"You held out well, but…"
As Frings stepped into the air, ice pillars rose to form stairs.
"My thirst has only worsened."
"Huuuuh!"
Frings, now at Sabina's height, grabbed her face.
"Are you scared? What do you think I'll do to you?"
Suddenly realizing something, he released her face.
"Right. What if I just let you go? Wouldn't that be
fun?"
As Sabina glared, Frings' mouth twisted grotesquely.
"Of course, that won't happen."
"You pervert!"
"You haven't seen a real pervert…"
Ice formed at Frings' fingertips, curving like a beast's claws.
"Stop."
As Frings paused, about to grab her slender neck, Sabina turned her
head.
"…Nade?"
Nade, who hadn't been seen since the previous day, stood in the forest's
shadow with his head bowed.
"The hero finally arrives? But what can you do? Sabina's already
finished."
Rumble!
Feeling the vibrations through the ice pillars, Frings looked down to
see blue electricity surging on the ground.
'Ice doesn't conduct electricity.'
Water created by magic is also an insulator unless given an ion battery
by a hydropower specialist.
Puzzled for a moment, Frings saw metal fragments buried underground
spinning, completely grinding the ice pillars.
'Now!'
Taking the opportunity, Sabina teleported out of Frings' grasp.
"Nade! What happened…!"
"Don't come!"
Nade shouted without raising his head.
"Just go. And never come back."
Knowing Nade's secret, Sabina couldn't bring herself to leave.
"But Nade…"
"You promised. Please."
No matter how he changed, Nade was still Nade.
It was because it was Sabina that he could come to her rescue, even with
his true face revealed.
"Alright. Be careful."
Sabina turned and quickly left the battlefield.
"Hmm."
Frings, watching with a blink, twisted his mustache.
"This is interesting."
"…Really?"
"Do you know why I let her go? I've always been curious. So, you
sacrificed yourself for a woman. What if we reverse that?"
Nade still didn't move.
"I'll torment you until you're on the brink of death. Then I'll
make you beg, telling me to torment Sabina instead. Wouldn't that be fun?"
"…Kang. Aren't you going to call it?"
"Kang?"
"Because of that… I was late collecting cards."
Frings checked his master card and saw it matched Nade's.
"No, I'm not. So, you wasted your time. Hahaha! This is
hilarious!"
"That's a relief."
Frings' laughter abruptly stopped.
"I don't like causing trouble for my friends."
Finally, Nade stepped out of the forest's shadows towards Frings.
"Poor thing. You're about to cause your friends a lot of
trouble…"
The moment Frings saw Nade's face, his expression froze.
"You…"
"Then, let's begin."
Boom!
A tremendous roar shook the mountain.
"Nade!"
Sabina, descending the mountain, quickly turned back to look at the
peak.
"Oh my…!"
Massive electrical currents surged like hair, devastating the entire
area.