Chapter 616:
The events unfolded swiftly, and Shirone's decision was resolute.
The magic that gave mass to light, the ability to bypass the magic
control device, and the realization of what he had destroyed finally dawned on the students.
"He's crazy! Do you know what you just destroyed?"
"Arrogant jerk! If you were going to destroy it anyway, you could
have given it to someone else!"
Shirone looked at the students.
"And what would that achieve?"
"A certified mage license! A Magic Association employee
badge!"
As Lupist had said, only five out of the 150 students would normally
obtain such a license. Offering one as an event prize was extraordinary, but Shirone had no
regrets.
"Then what was all our effort for this past year? Did we train so
hard just to grab a license here?"
"That's nonsense! We work hard to achieve results. And you just
tore up that result right in front of us!"
"It's mine, so I can do what I want with it."
The annex fell silent.
"The real result is gaining the skills worthy of the license. This
was never yours to begin with."
"That doesn't mean it was yours either."
Curtis stepped forward.
"I don't know how you bypassed the magic control device, but wasn't
there some kind of deal?"
Shirone's eyebrow twitched.
"What are you talking about?"
"You had a private meeting with the head of the association. And
you're one of the most famous students in the kingdom. Can you tell us what was discussed?"
"It's personal. I don't have to tell you."
"No, now you do. An exceptional privilege like a certified mage
license. And only you bypassed the magic control device. Isn't that suspicious? It seems this event was
set up just for you."
The students rose up.
"Yeah! It did seem strange! Tell us what the head said to
you!"
Iruki stepped in.
"Shirone destroyed the certified mage license. That's proof there
was no deal."
"I can't believe that. He still created a unique result in front of
the graduating classes of the five prestigious schools. This could be seen as a form of
favoritism."
Shirone shook his head.
"That's delusional. This event's rule was that only those who could
bypass the magic control device could get the license. Don't be scared, just focus. The security level
of the annex isn't that high."
"Do you think we haven't tried? Who else besides you has bypassed
the magic control device? This is definitely a scam!"
"That's insulting."
A clear sound rang out as ice magic was cast, and the students turned to
see Frings holding an ice crystal in his hand.
"M-magic…"
With Frings' sensitivity, which could even sense and avoid the form of
the Spirit Zone, the current level of security was easily bypassed.
"Just because I don't do it doesn't mean I can't. Digging around
for it is beneath me."
Druz Frings (Final Rank: 22nd in the graduating class).
Major: Ice Magic, Freezing Series.
Special Notes: Hyper-sensitive senses. Eccentric. Leader of the
Hide-and-Seek Research Society.
The students began to take Shirone's words seriously.
"This is the Magic Association."
As Fermi walked, he raised his index finger, and a flame ignited at the
tip.
"It means the association is watching us. Do you think you can just
stand there stupidly? If you don't pass the cut-off, you'll never get into the Magic
Association."
Those who had been fixated on the certified mage license finally
understood the true meaning of the event.
'We need to show success.'
Everyone began to focus and attempt to enter the Spirit Zone.
But after 30 seconds, no one succeeded.
'It's no use! I can't enter the Spirit Zone!'
Even Curtis, ranked first at the Royal Magic School, found it
impossible.
'This can't be. Alpheas already has three people who succeeded…'
Was it possible that he couldn't do it?
"There must be a trick!"
Curtis shouted.
"They're conspiring to deceive us! I'm the top student at the Royal
Magic School!"
"Interpretations of truth vary by one's limits."
Curtis turned to see a large man resembling an orangutan playing cat's
cradle.
It was Conger from the Alpheas Magic School graduating class.
"Who are you? Just playing with string…"
Curtis stopped when he realized the string in Conger's hands was
steel.
The movements were delicate, but every time he bent the steel into a new
pattern, his arm muscles bulged.
"Heh, just playing with string? Don't think your knowledge is
everything. To someone else, it might sound like delusion."
The steel twisted into a beautiful rose pattern between Conger's
palms.
Big Conger (Final Rank: 6th in the graduating class).
Major: Steel Magic, Ejection Series.
Special Notes: Special alloy that remembers shapes.
As more students from Alpheas succeeded in focusing, the other students'
faces turned red.
'What is this place?'
It felt like the invisible boundary between possible and impossible was
dividing winners and losers.
"Did you bypass it too?"
At Kanis's question, Arin nodded.
"Yes. It's not a very complex structure, but it's not simple enough
for just anyone. Still, quite a few from our school have succeeded. They're just not showing
it."
Her insight scanned the faces of those who had succeeded in bypassing,
stopping at someone made of a network of light.
"Pathetic."
As Dante slammed his glass down, everyone turned to look.
"Stop trying to focus on something you can't. Think about how
you're being treated. Even the association evaluates us through scouts. Value yourselves
more."
Curtis growled.
"And what about you? You haven't done anything either. Do you think
talking like that makes you look cool?"
"At least I don't look pathetic. Unlike you idiots, I know who to
fight."
"Who to fight?"
As Dante entered the Spirit Zone, a seven-layered magic circle with
concentric rings appeared.
"The current magic control device uses an old-generation
multi-replacement cipher. Once you understand the mechanism, you can disable it."
The codes rotating in different directions stopped and disappeared with
a glow.
Warning. Warning. Unauthorized informational attack
detected in the first-floor annex.
Warning lights flashed, and the association's broadcast
continued.
The third-level security device has been disabled. The
responsible personnel should check immediately. I repeat, the third-level security device in the
first-floor annex…
The students' jaws dropped, and Amy glared at Dante.
"You crazy fool! How could you hack the association's
security?"
"It doesn't matter. They were expecting this."
Dante was clearly irritated.
"I don't care if you fight among yourselves, but don't drag me down
with you. If you want to evaluate me, follow the proper procedures."
It was a message to the meta-system enjoying the situation.
"Drag you down? Drag you down?"
Curtis glared at Dante's back as he walked away.
"Wait. Apologize for what you just said to everyone."
"Apologize?"
Dante turned his head.
"You insulted the graduating classes of the five prestigious
schools. If you don't apologize, I won't back down."
Flames flared in Curtis's hand, and Pandora shouted.
"That's ridiculous! You started this!"
It was an undeniable fact, but Curtis didn't back down.
With the graduation exam imminent, there was no way to take the test
with this mindset.
Moreover, as a representative of the kingdom's top school, returning
like this would tarnish the school's honor.
"Apologize. Unless you want to ruin everything."
If the situation turned into a brawl, no school would benefit
mentally.
Dante knew this, but he couldn't let it slide.
"No. You brought this on yourselves."
"You bastard!"
As Curtis charged with increased firepower, some students
followed.
This was a magical battle, not just a fistfight.
"Everyone, calm down."
As the fire magic was launched, Eden spread her arms.
'Saint Barrier.'
A veil of light spread from her, instantly extinguishing the magic and
pushing all the students against the walls.
"Ugh! What is this?"
Nearly 100 students were trapped between the Saint Barrier and the
walls, unable to move.
'Eden…'
Students from other schools were amazed by the extraordinary barrier,
but those who knew her noticed the change in her magic.
'She switched to wide-area defense.'
Her absolute defense ability worked through strong divine omnipotence,
but it also relied on focusing magic solely on herself.
Giving up one of the two pillars of Absolute Barrier was hard to
understand, but Shirone, who had faced her directly, smiled.
'You've grown, Eden.'
She had broken free from her stubbornness and decided to become a true
messenger of God, spreading love.
"Do something! I can't move!"
The Saint Barrier was warm and comforting but strong enough to withstand
any magic.
"Violence is not good. Let's resolve this peacefully."
Candler Eden (Final Rank: 25th in the graduating class).
Major: Defense Magic, Wide-Area Protection Series.
Special Notes: Strong omnipotence based on faith.
"Damn it! Let us go! Who are you to teach us?"
"Ugh! This is annoying!"
A student's cry was transmitted through the video recorder to the
central control room's monitor.
"This settles it."
As Lupist stood up, Jane, who had arrived when the magic control device
was disabled, asked.
"Isn't this too harsh? They're still students, immature in judgment
and action."
"The weak are always weeded out. But not all of them. Some are
already showing professional-level judgment and action."
"The problem is, they're all Alpheas Magic School
students."
By student standards, this year's Royal Magic School graduating class
was not low-level.
The issue was that the Alpheas Magic School graduating class was
exceptionally outstanding.
"By the way, Ultima is quite interesting," Lupist remarked,
looking at Shirone on the monitor.
"If you break down information as a single entity, the encryption
system itself becomes powerless."
"What if we implement the highest level of security?" Jane
asked.
"It won't matter. In front of Ultima, all information is equal.
Humans and insects are the same, and advanced mathematics is no different from basic
arithmetic."
"…The most difficult type to control."
"Impossible, really. That's what makes it dangerous."
As Jane was about to leave the room, she turned back to Lupist.
"What about the party?"
"Calm them down and send them off. The celebration is
over."
The door closed.
"Do you think you can keep us tied up forever?"
The annex was in chaos with students shouting insults.
"Just wait until the magic is lifted! You're dead!"
As dozens of students hurled insults, even the listeners began to get
angry.
"These guys…"
Just as Closer was about to step forward, someone shouted from the
back.
"Enough is enough!"
Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!
Utility magic effects burst in rapid rhythm above the heads of all the
Alpheas Magic School students.
The startled students turned to see Suabi glaring fiercely.
"Do you think I'm a pushover just because I always
smile?"
Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop!
The precise cycle of the utility magic left the students in awe.
"Suabi is angry…"
Winners Suabi (Final Rank: 18th in the graduating class).
Major: Utility Magic, Multi-Buff Series.
Special Notes: Superhuman sense of rhythm, enabling high-speed
cross-force battery replacement.
As everyone felt the enhanced abilities through the buffs, they all wore
the same expression of admiration.
'Amazing. The cross-force is even faster.'
Finally, Eden withdrew the Saint Barrier, but no one moved.
Seeing the 30-plus buffs applied to all 29 students, no one dared to
start a fight.
"So, what do you think? Should we unlock the barriers if you want
to fight?"
Fermi finally stepped up as a representative.
"Ugh!"
Watching the Alpheas Magic School graduates gather, Curtis lowered his
head in defeat.
The 3.8 times difference wasn't an exaggeration.
Some students shed tears of frustration, but Fermi showed no
sympathy.
"Remember this. We're the main characters of this year's graduation
exam."
The hottest spot was decided.