Chapter 625:
Surrounded by a massive light, Infercus was bombarded with endless
flashes.
Roar!
As the mightiest creature, the dragon's scream evoked an inexplicable
fear.
"14 percent! 11 percent!"
The analysts' shouts made the audience clench their fists, not even
blinking.
'Is it really possible?'
An event as rare as this, both in history and mythology, was unfolding
before their eyes.
Grrrr!
At that moment, Infercus twisted its body malevolently within the
massive storm.
"Its magic is recovering! 13 percent! 15 percent!"
"That crazy old man. Why set it to concentrate magic?"
The focus on realism indicated the program wasn't designed with clearing
in mind.
"17 percent! 19 percent! It's still rising!"
As Infercus's head gradually lowered towards the ground, the
participants, looking grim, prepared their spells.
"Damn it! Hold on! Focus your firepower!"
While everyone was fixated on the dragon, Shirone alone turned and
headed to the corner.
"No."
The hooded woman spoke.
"It can't hold on."
Screeeech!
Infercus's back arched as it tried to break free from Quasar.
"It's condensing. It's past the critical point."
As Baikal said, the size of Quasar decreased, but the impact
increased.
"9 percent! 7 percent!"
At that point, the dragon's body twisted.
"4 percent! 2 percent! 1 percen…!"
Elizabeth's rising voice abruptly stopped, her eyes wide with
shock.
Roar!
The 360 million magical dragon was being sucked into the point of
Quasar.
Screeeech…
The scream faded like a distant memory, and everyone in the Colosseum
stood frozen in disbelief.
"They really did it. They defeated the dragon…"
-Ending Extreme Survival evaluation. Final survivors: 28. The second
evaluation will begin shortly.
In the surreal situation, the participants first looked at
Shirone.
Already preparing for the next evaluation with his eyes closed, his
intense focus was evident.
"Br…!"
A scout from another country stood up in the VIP section.
"Bravo!"
As if on cue, numerous scouts praised in their languages, and the
audience gave a standing ovation.
Even as the Colosseum shook with thunderous applause, Baikal remained
unmoved.
'Is this your answer, Shirone?'
Elizabeth, unable to contain her excitement, turned to him.
"Evaluator, you need to give your assessment."
Lost in thought until the applause subsided, Baikal finally
spoke.
"S."
Lara smiled as she recorded the grade.
"Amazing. Clearing Stage 10. I've never felt so moved as a
scout."
Baikal asked Elizabeth.
"Check the records for the entire Tormia Kingdom. Has anyone else
cleared Stage 10?"
"There is."
Elizabeth's eyes glowed blue.
"19 years ago, at Alpheas Magic School, the first record of
clearing Stage 10 in the kingdom. It was also the first evaluation, with 15 final
survivors."
"19 years ago. Who was the top graduate then?"
Blinking to access the information, she replied.
"Mikael Gaold."
Baikal knew the former Magic Association president's name well.
"…Are you trying to follow into the steps of that
madman?"
-Starting the selection for the second graduation exam evaluation. One
of the five remaining categories will be chosen, excluding Extreme Survival.
Despite the historic event, the system remained indifferent.
"How foolish. On a day like this, they should let the participants
rest more! They're ruining a great match."
As the middle-aged man complained, the hooded woman leaned her head on
her fist and muttered.
"The exam isn't for competing…"
The man's face twisted.
"Hey, miss. I've been holding back, but if you have something to
say, say it to me directly. Stop muttering without even using honorifics. Who are you?"
The hooded woman turned sharply.
"And who are you? You don't seem like a parent to be
here."
"What? You don't know me?"
The man proudly pulled out a Spirit magazine from three years
ago.
The special feature headline read:
Poltar, the Man Who Loves Magic, Reflects on 27 Years as a Civilian
Scout
"Ah?"
"Now you know? This is my 30th year. Even the Creas branch of the
Magic Association gives me special observer passes."
"From the Association? That's impressive."
"Of course. Magic is my life. I meticulously record and keep the
history of regulated magic and the records of Alpheas Magic School graduates."
"That's amazing. With such passion, why not become an official
scout?"
Poltar's eyes turned wistful.
"In my youth, obsessed with magic, I dreamed of becoming a mage.
But life doesn't always go as planned."
"A special story?"
Poltar turned his head sadly.
"I can't use Spirit Zone."
"……"
"I memorized the fundamentals of magic, but it doesn't work. Even
after 30 years, it's still hard. Sometimes it seems to work, but…"
The woman turned to face forward without replying.
"By the way, who are you? Only authorized personnel can observe
here."
"Me? I'm a student here."
"Ah, an advanced class student."
No wonder her words seemed unusual.
"Then why aren't you watching with your friends?"
"Just… I don't really know anyone…"
Poltar looked at her sympathetically.
"Oh dear. Are you being bullied?"
"Yes… something like that."
Poltar patted her back.
"Cheer up! Dream big! If you work hard, who knows? You might become
the world's greatest mage! You're still young!"
'Not that young…'
There was no need to correct him since he saw her as young.
"Haha! Anyway, today is fantastic! It's been a long time since I've
seen such an exciting graduation exam!"
An announcement was heard.
-Determining the second evaluation category.
A circular hologram appeared above the heads of the participants
scattered around the Colosseum.
With the Extreme Survival category deactivated, the arrow spun around
the remaining five categories.
'How much has he recovered?'
The participants waiting for the second evaluation were most concerned
about Shirone's current mental state.
Without magic, perfect recovery was impossible, and his complexion was
noticeably paler than at the beginning.
'What is he planning?'
Shirone's friends watched him with concern.
'When the evaluation starts, most will focus on attacking Shirone.
Depending on the category, forming alliances might be necessary.'
If the competitors united, so would his friends, with Shirone as the
natural leader.
'Take down Shirone first. Even if he's exhausted, he's still the top
candidate for graduation. It's in my best interest to deal with him quickly.'
As various thoughts swirled, the arrow finally pointed to a slot.
"Sigh."
Each category had its pros and cons, but it was clear that no
participant would welcome this one.
-Combat (Combat Power Measurement).
"Wow!"
As the most popular category in the graduation exam, the audience's
reaction was explosive.
'This is going to be a nightmare.'
The participants saw the hardship ahead but didn't waste time
complaining.
'Take down Shirone.'
Almost simultaneously, all 28 participants entered their Spirit Zones,
with most charging towards Shirone.
Conversely, Shirone's friends positioned themselves to counter them,
advancing from the opposite direction.
'Combat. It's always a faction battle at the start.'
Having experienced the Golden Wheel's tactics in last year's graduation
exam, Amy planned to form a united front.
Iruki and Nade, sharing the same strategy, joined her on either side as
they headed towards Shirone.
'Elysion!'
Photon Cannon beams fell diagonally from above the heads of all
participants except Shirone.
"What the…!"
Boom! Boom boom boom!
The unexpected start of the battle left the participants who had rolled
on the ground staring at Shirone in shock.
"Gasp. Gasp."
Having cast 27 spells simultaneously, Shirone was already exhausted, his
head bowed and breathing heavily.
His friends halted their approach, and Shirone, slowly retreating,
beckoned them with a gesture.
"This crazy…!"
Realizing Shirone's gesture meant he would take them all on, the
participants felt uncontrollable anger and revealed their killing intent.
"That's the worst decision."
Baikal spoke.
"…Or so I'd like to say, but I can't anymore. We were blindsided in
the first evaluation."
"Still, it's impossible to take on everyone. And he's already
exhausted."
"I agree, but saying it's impossible isn't quite right. Even if 27
unite, it's not a cage match."
That was true.
"But I can't help feeling uneasy."
Regardless of the odds, as a mage, Baikal couldn't feel good about
Shirone's decision.
"Number 27. Who do you think you are?"
Most of the offended participants charged at Shirone with determined
eyes.
"You'll have to answer, Shirone."
As the second evaluation began, Baikal posed another question to
Shirone.
"Are you… such a great being?"
As the fierce flashes of light erupted, Shirone took to the sky, seizing
the moment when the participants hesitated.
As everyone looked up, the hooded woman followed Shirone's light and
spoke.
"Geniuses aren't recognized by most because they deny the existing
system."
Who could accept that time and space were intertwined in a single
continuum?
"It's not about jealousy or envy. It's about understanding. They
can't accept it because the system is different."
As Poltar turned to the grand discourse, the woman grabbed the armrest
and stood up.
"But I understand, Shirone. Prove it. Even if the whole world
denies you…"
Revealing her face by pulling back her hood, she spread her arms wide
and arrogantly lifted her chin.
'I, the strongest Miro, understand you.'
"Hey, sit down! I can't see!"
"…Sorry."
As someone behind her shouted and pointed, Miro sheepishly brushed her
hair back and sat down.
"Come down! Is running away all you can do?"
As the participants unleashed a barrage of attacks at Shirone, who was
flying around using teleportation, his friends finally understood his intention.
'You really want to become a mage.'
Iruki's lips twisted into a strange smile as he made his
decision.
'Then so be it, Shirone!'
As atomic bombs exploded in succession, Shirone, spreading his wings of
light, flew to the edge of the Colosseum.
'This won't work, that won't work…'
All the negative words about not being able to become a mage left his
mind.
"It doesn't matter. Even if everyone says no."
As his wings fluttered, he landed behind the Ataraxia he had
concentrated at the edge of the Colosseum.
"I am a mage!"
As a white sphere formed and vibrated fiercely before Shirone's eyes,
Rian smiled.
"Of course, Shirone."
"This crazy…!"
Seeing the Ataraxia, the participants stopped their charge and gritted
their teeth in fear.
'Photon Cannon!'
As the sphere of light passed through Ataraxia, all 27 participants
twisted their bodies as if their spines were snapping.
"Dodge! Scatter!"
A massive flash dominated the entire Colosseum.