Chapter 678:
Sensory Overload (2)
Brooks shouted at the medical team.
"Hurry! There's no time!"
Once the golden window for resuscitation passed, it would be over.
"T-this is……!"
True to his reputation as a resourceful mercenary broker, the specialists who rushed to
Brooks' mansion were experts in emergency care.
Electric shocks and endless CPR were administered, but Venetia remained motionless.
"It's no use! She's already dead!"
"Bring her back! Without her, it's over!"
If Rufist completed the mission, Brooks would gain exclusive control over Ludum.
The fastest way to stabilize Ludum was to use Venetia, the head of Spectrum.
"Even if she's dead, keep going!"
The demand was absurd, but the medical team understood implicitly and continued shocking
her heart.
Fifteen minutes later, exhausted people began collapsing one by one.
"It's over. She's dead."
"Damn it!"
Brooks kicked the door hard enough to break it, pacing the room in agitation.
"Huuuurk!"
At that moment, Venetia's eyes snapped open, and she inhaled as much air as her lungs
could hold.
"Venetia!"
Brooks rushed over, and the medical team forgot their fatigue, scrambling to their feet.
"H-how……?"
Her heart was beating again.
"She's alive! She's alive, Mr. Brooks!"
"Hahaha! What did I tell you? I said we could do it!"
Though their motives differed—life versus money—their joy was the same.
"Wait, what's wrong with her?"
One of the medics approached Venetia with a grave expression.
She had already sat up, staring blankly ahead as if her soul had left her body.
"Ra Enemy……"
The Tricerebrates had three brains recognizing past, present, and future, but only the
brain recognizing the past remained active in Venetia's head.
Even this was a sensory ability fundamentally different from a human's.
Her gaze followed the footprints left by the Ra Enemy as he passed.
"I must meet him."
Muttering incomprehensibly, she stood, and a female medic draped a coat over her bare
upper body.
"Venetia! Where are you going?"
With her present-recognizing brain dead, she couldn't analyze the current situation, nor
could she predict the future warning her never to meet the Ra Enemy.
And this was precisely why the Ra Enemy had sought her out.
"To Ludum."
The Eye of the Great Purification, Venetia, who could see the Ra Enemy, followed his
trail.
***
At the entrance to Bioflora, Rufist frowned as the concealment facility's power was
abruptly cut off.
'This feels ominous.'
It was impossible for an ancient weapon with biological feedback to lose power due to a
defect.
This was Spectrum's doing, and their intentions toward humanity were unlikely to be good.
'They're concentrating their power.'
Rufist gritted his teeth, the sound echoing in his mouth.