Chapter 710:
Labyrinth Jessica
In the beautiful kingdom of Molton, adjacent to the Mediterranean and to
the north, lies the Giant's Ruins, one of the world's three great labyrinths.
Since the great hunter Jessica first discovered this place, the Giant's
Ruins have been an ideal destination for many hunters.
Whether people knew about heaven or not, it was a well-known fact that
many ancient weapons were buried here.
When Jin Seong-eum arrived at Jessica, numerous tents surrounded the
massive pyramid.
Merchants had set up stalls to provide conveniences, and further away,
the building of Molton's Heritage Restoration Department could be seen.
"Jessica is also an unconquered labyrinth. But unlike the other
three great labyrinths, it's a profitable place."
At the words of Mun Gyeong, the captain of 'Sambo,' Jin Seong-eum looked
at Jessica's pyramid with a composed breath.
Her large, cat-like eyes were fierce, and her tightly pressed lips were
as red as raspberries.
Like many women from the East, she was small in stature but had a long
neck, giving her a beautiful proportion, and her fists were always clenched tightly.
'The Iron Lady.'
Mun Gyeong admired Jin Seong-eum.
'I don't dare think I can have you.'
The distance she allowed him was three steps.
As the captain of the princess's guard, his wish was to get one step
closer to her before he died.
'My life started at ten steps.'
The minimum distance to protect Seong-eum with force.
'Nine steps, eight steps, seven steps…'
Seong-eum was different at six steps, and different at five
steps.
With each step closer, his admiration grew, and at three steps, he began
to understand her.
'I will protect you.'
Mun Gyeong couldn't imagine what Seong-eum would look like at the
distance no man had been allowed.
"Let's go. It's time to take the Ivory Tower test."
When Seong-eum turned around, 200 guards, including the 20 from Sambo,
knelt simultaneously.
"You stay here. I can handle this alone."
Mun Gyeong shook his head.
"That won't do. It's not that I doubt your skills, Princess, but
Jessica is full of unscrupulous hunters. Don't get involved in unnecessary trouble."
Seong-eum's eyes flashed with anger.
"Mun Gyeong, I am not a delicate flower to be coddled. I must
overcome vile schemes and men's tricks. How else can I be a candidate for the Ivory Tower?"
Mun Gyeong knew that no matter how strong the hunters were, they
couldn't match Seong-eum.
According to the Jincheon Space Agency's analysis, no candidate could
defeat Seong-eum in a one-on-one match.
'There are no weaknesses for one who controls space. But…'
He simply hated it.
He couldn't bear the thought of any rogue laying eyes on Jin
Seong-eum.
"If you insist, at least let Sambo stay with you. This is a
competition, after all. We'll handle the trivial matters."
Seong-eum was stubborn, but she couldn't be harsh to the three steps she
acknowledged.
"Fine. Only the members of Sambo will follow me."
Tears welled up in Mun Gyeong's eyes as he bowed his head to the ground
until it bled.
"I will serve you with my life!"
Seong-eum looked down at Mun Gyeong indifferently, but her eyes briefly
showed a hint of spring warmth.
"Let's go. I hope Ra Enemy is here."
"It will be so. You are the chosen one of the heavens,
Princess."
"Ha, you sound like a eunuch…"
The princess of the Jincheon Empire walked towards the pyramid.
Labyrinth Andre - World 1
When Shirone first arrived, he was greeted by the deafening roar of a
volcanic eruption.
"Where is this…?"
Shirone had unlocked the door marked with the number 1 using the Ultima
System.
The oxygen was much denser than in the original world.
Tropical forests of immense height and scale spread out, and burning
rocks flew through the sky.
Screeech!
Looking up at the terrifying sound from the sky, he saw a monstrous
creature over 40 meters long flying away.
"A dragon?"
As Shirone stared in disbelief, the bushes rustled, and a dragon with
blue scales suddenly appeared.
"Grrr…"
Seeing the reptilian eyes devoid of emotion sent chills down his
spine.
Through the Ultima System, the language was conveyed.
"A strange human."
The first words revealed that at least humans lived in this
world.
"Who are you?"
The dragon pondered for a long time, as if the question was difficult,
before speaking.
"Why aren't you afraid?"
Humans, as the dragon knew, were so weak that they feared even smaller
animals.
"Where is this place?"
Shirone was tense facing the dragon, but he was a human from a world
governed by reason.
"Now I understand. You come from another world. That's why you
don't know how strong I am."
Shirone's face brightened.
"Yes! That's right! What kind of place is this…?"
"Die, insignificant human."
The dragon's mouth opened wide, and a fiery breath turned the forest to
ashes in an instant.
"Such a weak species…"
As the dragon turned away, it quickly noticed something and looked to
the side.
Shirone had teleported to avoid the attack and was frowning.
"How…?"
A human performing a phenomenon only possible for dragons?
'No, that's not the issue.'
The dragon's retina had captured the human's body turning into light and
moving at incredible speed.
"Attacking suddenly! What are you doing?"
The power of the breath was no different from modern dragons, so
Shirone's voice naturally rose.
"Impossible."
Unable to accept the reality, the dragon opened its mouth wide again and
unleashed another breath.
"This…!"
Unable to hold back, Shirone responded with a Photon Cannon, leading to
a fierce battle for several minutes.
"Roar!"
The dragon, struck in the side by a Homing Photon Cannon, was pushed
back, breaking trees.
The creatures of the forest, hearing the dragon's roar, made screeching
sounds, shaking the vegetation.
"Impossible!"
The dragon had interacted with many dragons but had never heard of one
being overpowered by a human.
It was an entirely new concept, even beyond imagination.
"Impossible!"
Feeling anger for the first time, the dragon twisted its body towards
Shirone, only to be struck by an angel's punishment.
Boom!
The light spear pierced through, leaving the dragon's mouth agape in
shock, unable to make a sound.
'I'm going to die! I'm going to die!'
The fear of death caused its pupils to quake, and despite feeling its
muscles paralyze, it moved its legs with a will to survive.
"Roar! Roar!"
Instead of chasing the fleeing dragon, Shirone pondered with a serious
expression.
'Can't it fly?'
Some dragons in reality had degenerated wings but could still fly using
dragon magic.
"The Age of Dragons."
Based on his knowledge, Shirone guessed it was a primitive planet where
dragons ruled the world.
"How far back in time have I come?"
Feeling momentarily overwhelmed, Shirone shook his head and flew into
the sky.
As Rian and Kido were fighting with all their might, he needed to find a
way to break the seals as quickly as possible.
'It knew about humans.'
Looking for a human settlement, Shirone's shoulders ignited with the
flames of a great wing.
'I need to find water.'
The wings of light wrapped around his body and then shot him like an
arrow, pushing the air with a pop.
Labyrinth Andre - World 283
"It never ends."
The massive green wall in front of him didn't look like a giant
plant.
It was just ordinary weeds rooted in the ground, but Shirone had
shrunk.
Buzzz!
The air vibrated with a sound louder than thunder, and Shirone quickly
lay flat on the ground.
He watched in a daze as a giant hornet, five times his size, brushed
past him.
'What is this…'
Cutting through the dozens of centimeters tall grass with Wind Cutter,
he saw a familiar yet entirely different forest floor stretching endlessly.
"The Prison of Time and Space."
It wasn't just a shift in time and space but an enlargement focused on a
specific time and space.
"What am I supposed to do here?"
Casting Fly, he landed on a blade of grass, but even a gentle breeze
made him sway.
"…! …!"
Through the Spirit Zone, Shirone sensed the movement of numerous objects
and immediately activated the Ultima System.
"Enemy detected! Enemy detected!"
"Reporting coordinates! There! There!"
Feeling overwhelmed by the flood of signals, Shirone looked down and was
horrified.
"What is that?"
Thousands of ants, possibly tens of thousands, were marching in lines
towards the grass.
"Reporting from the allied bees! An unknown insect has invaded our
territory! Stop it quickly!"
'I get it.'
It was a lower caste system extending from the universe to the natural
world and the biological world.
"Come down! You are surrounded!"
Ants climbed the grass, taking advantage of the high ground, and pointed
their abdomens.
"Let's shoot our ant acid!"
"Shoot! Shoot!"
Hundreds of acidic droplets fired like cannons, and Shirone soared into
the sky in frustration.
"This is driving me crazy!"
Looking down at the persistent ants, Shirone charged a Photon Cannon in
his palm.
'There's no end to this.'
Even though they were insects, killing tens of thousands felt incredibly
grim.
"Wait! Let's talk this out!"
"Shoot! Shoot!"
The Ultima System translated the ants' language, but they couldn't hear
Shirone's voice.
"Call the allied bees! Let's defeat it with stingers!"
'This is getting serious.'
If World 283 was the lowest system in the biological hierarchy, the
chances of meeting humans were slim.
'I need to find a way to break the seal here.'
He wasn't sure if he could communicate with the ants, but if he failed,
Rian and Kido's lives would be at risk.
Shirone descended to the ground and raised his hand.
"Bring me your leader. I want to meet your queen."
The ant bombardment stopped.
'Did it work?'
For a moment, it seemed like the ants were discussing, but then,
"Move aside! I will deal with the intruder!"
The ants parted like the sea, revealing a giant soldier ant with sharp
mandibles.
"Here comes the greatest warrior of the Garnet Colony, the 13th
Night!"
The pheromones carrying the information about the 13th Night filled the
air, making Shirone dizzy.
'The greatest warrior?'
Observing the 13th Night, who clicked its mandibles and raised its front
legs, Shirone nodded.
'Indeed…'
The aura emanating from its massive body confirmed it was a master of
Incarnation Magic, a truly formidable ant.