Chapter 726:
Labyrinth Andre.
"Huff! Huff!"
Kido hid in the labyrinthine paths of Andre, breathing heavily.
'Is it still far?'
It had been six days since Shirone activated the Wheel of Eons.
"He's not dead, is he?"
One of the Shirones had to stay here to maintain the Spirit Zone, but he
had been missing since the battle started.
"Over there! Chase him!"
Hearing the voices of the Mara Bandits, Kido limped deeper into the
labyrinth.
Their numbers had dwindled from 40 to 7, but it was impossible to block
the entrance to Andre.
'Damn it! There were too many enemies!'
In a situation where everything was unfavorable—numbers, overall combat
power—the only consolation was…
'At least there's plenty of food.'
Kido could eat human flesh.
"I'm getting tired of this."
As he tore off a piece of flesh from the arm of a corpse, the muscle
ripped away with a squelch.
While the Mara Bandits also brought food from outside Andre, the corpses
of skilled fighters were important to the cannibalistic Kido.
'Skima's technique, External Gravity.'
New memories seeped into his mind.
'So that's how he withstood the Earthbound Spirit. It's an annoying
technique.'
But now Kido could also use Skima.
'Skima, learned through human flesh.'
Even with the same experience, the qualia (sensory qualities) make the
impressions different, so memories alone couldn't open Skima.
'It's like a textbook.'
But if he combined the memories of dozens of top fighters from the Mara
Bandits, it was a different story.
No matter how varied the perspectives on Skima were, there was always a
common denominator.
"I'll end it here."
The Mara Bandits knew that the final clash would decide the
outcome.
Limping towards the entrance of Andre, Kido saw the Mara Bandits having
their last meal.
All they had were crumbs of snacks picked up outside, but it was enough
to squeeze out their last bit of strength.
"Have you made up your mind?"
As the remaining six subordinates revealed their killing intent, the
deputy leader stood up with his sword.
"It will be decided here."
From 40 to 7, Kido's skills had evolved unbelievably fast.
'For some reason, this goblin consumes others' experiences.'
There was no other explanation for why his skills improved every time a
member died.
'If only we had figured it out sooner…'
They had thought he would tire himself out if they trapped him in the
labyrinth and wore him down, but that was a mistake.
In any case, the past was the past, and if the remaining seven didn't
kill him in an all-out attack, the Mara Bandits would be annihilated.
As Kido accepted the killing intent of mutual destruction, he heard
explosions outside Andre.
'Rian.'
He was still fighting the witch.
'It must be tough…'
Unlike Kido, who could hide in the labyrinth, Rian hadn't been able to
sleep or eat for six days.
'Just wait a little longer. I'm coming.'
Resolving himself, Kido drew his spear as the deputy leader approached
with his sword lowered diagonally.
"Where's the magician?"
The Mara Bandits hadn't found Shirone either.
"I don't know. Does it matter? Whether you die or I die, that's all
that's left."
"That's true."
The deputy leader pointed his sword at Kido.
"Even though you're a goblin, I respect your skills for pushing the
Mara Bandits this far."
"Kik!"
A sneer escaped involuntarily.
"That's why I don't like you."
Moving sideways with his spinning spear, Kido quickly blocked the
entrance to Andre.
'He's gotten stronger.'
Simultaneously, the seven remaining Mara Bandits unleashed all their
skills and leaped at once.
"Respect, my foot…!"
As Kido rolled on the ground, swinging his spear, the Earthbound
Spirit's transformation technique activated around him.
"Stab him all at once! Don't hope for survival!"
As the seven fell like lightning on the fiercely spinning Kido, one head
was immediately severed.
"Kill him! Keep attacking!"
Kido, crouched with his left hand on the ground, sprang forward,
swinging his spear with his right hand.
"Relativity! Quantum theory!"
The deputy leader's vertical slash severed the center of Kido's
double-edged spear.
"The universe, gods!"
As Kido twisted his upper body, holding the split spear in both hands,
blood spurted from his shoulder.
"Now! Drive it in!"
As the Mara Bandits charged in a line, Kido, holding the split spear,
shouted.
"Arrogant humans!"
As the Earthbound Spirit's transformation technique reached its peak, an
illusion of the ground rising like waves engulfed them.
"Dodge! If we avoid this, we win!"
Kido, floating in the air as if lying down, spun his shoulders and
rolled quickly on the ground.
"Living with your feet planted on the ground…!"
Six blades flew at Kido like flashes of light.
"Why do you only look at the sky!"
The two spears, spinning like windmills, drew circles and pierced
through the flashes.
"…."
At the exact point where the positions of the Mara Bandits and Kido
reversed, everyone froze.
"Respect, you say?"
"Ugh!"
As the deputy leader's chest opened, all the members spewed blood and
fell to the ground.
"Losing someone precious."
Kido, slumped towards the entrance of Andre, dropped the split spear to
the ground.
"Isn't mourning their death enough…?"
That was the love Kido had realized.
'I have to go.'
Forcing strength into his fallen arms, Kido picked up the spear again
and stepped out of Andre's entrance.
The scene under the sixth day's sun since the battle began was truly
horrific and gruesome.
'Is this really…'
The result of a fight between two humans?
'Hand-to-hand combat. It's like a bombardment.'
There were no survivors among the scattered corpses of tourists, and the
buildings and ground were devastated.
'Rian, just wait a little longer.'
As Kido limped out of Andre's entrance, hearing explosions in the
distance, blood from his forehead blurred his vision, and he collapsed to the ground.
'Shirone.'
Though Kido had single-handedly annihilated the Mara Bandits, he had
reached his physical limit.
'I must survive…'
Kido's consciousness faded into darkness.
Labyrinth Andre-World No. 1583.
The four White participants were stunned by Shirone's proposal to lay
out all their cards.
"Lay out all our cards?"
Marco knew that showing force in front of a magician was useless, but he
couldn't comply easily.
"What kind of nonsense is this? Weapon cards are life in the battle
of the law."
"I'll accept the proposal."
Surprisingly, Ballard, who had shown the most hostility towards Shirone,
obediently took out his cards.
As a guard, his job gave him a different sense, and the effect was
significant.
"I-I'll accept the proposal too."
As Breeze and Atria also laid out their cards, Marco ground his
teeth.
"…Doing this won't end well. Can you live in White, seeing each
other's faces?"
"We'll decide that by vote."
Having been countered perfectly, Marco reluctantly lowered his head and
laid out all his cards.
"Nine cards in total."
As Shirone examined the cards Breeze handed over one by one, his
expression showed disappointment.
"What's wrong? There's even an S-grade card. It's valuable enough
to trade for any card."
Ballard had reluctantly shown the card last, which depicted a man crying
tears of blood.
Tears of Blood (Function).
Description: When you lose someone precious, you see nothing.
Effect: All job stats increase by tenfold.
The effect was incredible, even to Shirone.
'Kai…'
If Kai had had Tears of Blood, he could have used the magician's special
ability to deceive the enemies.
"This is meaningless."
Shirone got to the point.
"The card I'm looking for is CPR. Have you used it or heard of
anyone having it?"
"CPR? That's…"
Breeze fell into thought.
"Is there someone you want to save? Probably from
Black?"
"A kid who helped me. He died because of my mistake. I have to get
CPR somehow."
Ballard grumbled.
"Do you think you can get everything you want? If it's not shuffled
into the harmony of the law, it's over. If you're not going to use it, give me Tears of
Blood…"
Breeze interrupted Ballard.
"There is a way."
"What way?"
"The first way is if CPR is shuffled in. If Black has it, you can
trade it for Tears of Blood. A tenfold increase in basic stats is excellent, but if the job has a
special ability, it's a must-have card."
Even the magician job could turn ten cards into magic cards.
"The second way is if it's not shuffled in. It's a low probability,
but you can use the Space Waste card I had."
"Space Waste?"
Having not found any particularly important cards among the nine,
Shirone went through them again.
Space Waste (Consumable).
Description: Sometimes, it's good to leave a drawer empty.
Effect: By discarding a B-grade or higher card, you can obtain a Lucky
Slot.
"Lucky Slot? What's this card?"
"It has a low probability of giving an S-grade card. Marco has
Double Action, so you can use it together to increase the probability."
Double Action (Consumable).
Description: If you make quick decisions, you have plenty of chances to
recover.
Effect: Doubles the effect of B-grade or lower cards.
"Using Double Action and Space Waste together means you can get two
Lucky Slot cards."
"That's right. If we had a First Aid card, we could get three, but
we don't have one."
The First Aid card's effect was to regenerate a consumable card once
used.
"To activate Space Waste, we need to discard a B-grade or higher
card. Influenza or Wild Horse would be suitable."
"Then I'll use this."
Shirone took out a card.
Influenza (Function).
Description: Be careful. Sometimes it's deadly.
Effect: Reduces the target's physical abilities by 10% upon activation.
3% chance to reduce by 90%.
Special Note: Limited to one target.
"Activate."
As Space Waste, Double Action, and Influenza cards simultaneously
emitted light, they transformed into new cards.
'These are the Lucky Slots.'
Shirone looked at the two identical Lucky Slot cards.
Lucky Slot (Consumable).
Description: Postpone the match for a while.
Effect: 100% chance to obtain a B-grade or higher card.
1% chance to obtain an S-grade card.
"Activate."
As Shirone used one card immediately, the four participants stood up to
check the result.
"What is it? What did you get?"
The card depicted armored skeletons walking through mud.
Doomed Returnees (Summon).
Description: Survivors of hellish battles. Their morale is low, and they
are injured, but their combat power is formidable.
Effect: Summons 10 Doomed Returnees.
Marco snorted.
"Of course. It's the most useless B-grade card. They're too slow,
only good for defense."
With one card left, Breeze asked,
"What will you do? Save it until you get a card with First Aid or
duplication effects?"
"No, it's fine. I'll keep trying until I get it."
Marco frowned and asked,
"What nonsense is that? With just a 1% chance…"
"Activate."
As the last Lucky Slot card flashed, the participants fell
silent.
'Come on! Come out!'
As the card, gleaming like it was oiled, confirmed a B-grade, Shirone's
eyes widened.
'CPR!'