Chapter 730:
Ten minutes before Rian realized the Mind Sword.
As Shirone stepped aside, Sung Eum's finger pointed at empty
space.
Feeling awkward, she slowly lowered her arm.
"Go ahead?"
Although it was said that one cannot collide with what does not exist,
Shirone was clearly in front of Sung Eum.
"No, you are running away. Realizing you can't win against me, you
are trying to smooth things over like this."
Turning towards Shirone, Sung Eum pointed more firmly at Shirone's
forehead.
"I am one step ahead of you. If you acknowledge this fact, admit
your defeat."
Shirone thought for a moment and then bowed his head.
"I lost. You are above me."
"No!"
Sung Eum was angry.
"That's not what I want!"
The victory Sung Eum had imagined, the highest position, did not feel
like this.
"Aren't you frustrated? You are about to lose the title of the
world's greatest mage. If you give up so easily, what did you come all this way for?"
'What did I strive for?'
Now, Shirone understood.
"It was to become who I am now."
"…"
Sung Eum felt dizzy.
"I risked my life, fought and won to get here, but…"
In truth, he didn't want to fight.
"Fighting you, raising my Kar score, why? If I just take one step
back…"
Shirone was happy.
"No one is unhappy. Maybe we could even become good friends if you
take one step back."
"Take one step back?"
Sung Eum imagined walking alongside Shirone.
'No.'
Next to Shirone was Mun Kyung, next to Mun Kyung were the warriors of
Sambo, and then all of humanity holding hands…
"No!"
It was a vision that denied Sung Eum's life.
"It can't be that easy! Someone will try to use you! Someone will
step on you to prove themselves!"
Loving everyone is impossible.
"Yes. It doesn't mean I'm running away. Rather, I will fight more
actively. But no longer…"
Shirone's skin became more transparent.
"I don't want to fight for an illusion."
"An illusion? An illusion?"
What had she been fighting for all this time?
"Let's fight together. For everyone's happiness, not an illusion.
You can do it."
One cannot collide with what does not exist.
Finally, Anchal's words pierced the veil of her mind.
'Together. All together…'
Sung Eum, staring at Shirone's outstretched hand, slowly moved her
arm.
'If I just take this hand…'
It was so easy.
'We become equals.'
That thought blocked Sung Eum's heart.
"I refuse, idealist."
Shirone's words were right in that everyone dreams of it, but
unrealistic in that no one can achieve it.
"Don't think I gave you one step. I will walk my path. If the world
needs saving, Jin Sung Eum will do it. That is the highest mission."
Mun Kyung clenched his fists.
'Well said, Your Highness!'
He had been anxious when she gave one step, but she truly was the
noblest bloodline of the Jincheon Empire.
'That's the way. Move forward without looking back, towards the highest
place.'
Sung Eum turned coldly.
"Let's go. There is no La Enemy here either. I will enter the last
remaining labyrinth and subdue Nane."
At that moment, a tearing sound was heard from outside Andre.
"What is it?"
The warriors of Sambo turned simultaneously.
"There seems to be someone outside. Shall we check?"
Mun Kyung couldn't give an order.
'This is the sound of a sword.'
As a master, he knew it was swung at an unimaginable speed.
"Huh? What?"
Feeling the weight, Jiks took out Ymir's molar from his pocket.
"Hey, this…"
It felt strangely heavier than before.
"Aaah!"
It became so heavy that it couldn't be lifted by human strength, and
Jiks' shoulder dislocated as he fell to the ground.
"Help! This, this!"
Screaming with his hand on the ground, none of the Sambo warriors could
approach.
With a cracking sound, Jiks' five fingers all broke and were sucked into
Ymir's molar.
Crack. Crack.
The twisting that started from his hand spread to his entire body, and
Jiks couldn't even groan.
As hundreds of bones broke and were sucked into Ymir's molar, a wave
sound was heard through Sung Eum's ether.
"Step back! It's a gravity wave!"
We still don't know the true meaning of gravity.
'Enough mass to crush a person?'
To beings with five senses, gravity is measured by mass, but Anke Ra,
who dreamed of the universe, defined it like this:
How fiercely does it exist?
"It's awakening! We must flee!"
Before Ymir's battle instincts awakened, it was just a molar.
"Shut up! I never run away!"
The presence of a mind that integrated 10 billion humans…
"Your Highness! It's Ymir!"
…is anchored in spacetime with a powerful presence that doesn't waver in
any cosmic storm.
"Who woke me?"
The regeneration that started from the molar formed a face, and the body
quickly regenerated along the shoulders.
"That, that is…"
Even Mun Kyung, who worried about Sung Eum, was mesmerized by the figure
from mythology.
Nearly 3 meters tall with broad shoulders.
A sturdy jaw, and arms as thick as logs along a neck even
thicker.
The King of Giants, Ymir (Molar).
As the body regenerated, the gravity wave disappeared, but just existing
made the surrounding space ripple.
"What are you?"
Even with two Ivory Tower candidates present, Ymir looked around
uninterested.
"Where am I? Why did I wake up?"
Though part of the main body, the memories engraved in the body were
fragmented.
As Ymir moved, the ceiling shook with a thud.
"Hmm."
As the warriors of Sambo distanced themselves, Ymir alternated his gaze
between Shirone and Sung Eum.
"Not bad. But boring."
Being a molar that had separated from the main body long ago, Ymir's
brain had no memory of Shirone.
"Are you Ymir?"
Jin Sung Eum was the first to step forward.
"As befits the title of king, you have a solid appearance. I heard
you absorbed 10 billion humans…"
Ymir's face twisted menacingly.
"Your lifespan depends on your next words."
As long as he didn't hear what he didn't want to, Ymir was willing to go
back to sleep.
"Can those 10 billion kneel before me?"
"Kekeke."
Ymir's eyes turned and his energy surged, causing dust to fall from the
labyrinth's ceiling.
"Wrong."
The warriors of Sambo sprang forward.
"Kill him! Protect Her Highness!"
As the empire's elite, their speed was lightning-fast, but they realized
upon meeting Ymir's eyes.
'We will be crushed.'
The mind first shattered Sambo's heads.
Divine Transcendence - Mind Fist.
As Ymir's fists swung in all directions, the heads of 18 Sambo warriors
burst like watermelons.
"Kahahaha!"
As the 18 headless warriors fell, only one who hadn't been struck by
Ymir's mind remained.
'I will kill him!'
It was Daesuk, the deputy commander of Sambo.
"Not bad."
Ymir grinned broadly and raised his fist towards him, and Daesuk bent
his body back with all his might.
'I wasn't hit!'
His mind was still intact, proof he hadn't been struck.
'Right in front of me…!'
As he measured the distance with superhuman vision and raised his sword,
Ymir's fist stopped with a bang.
"Aaah!"
The tremendous wind peeled the skin off Daesuk's face.
"Aaah!"
His hair was ripped out, his eyes burst, and his ears were torn
off.
Aaah.
When the screams finally stopped, a skinless skeleton knelt before
Ymir.
"D-Daesuk…"
Mun Kyung couldn't accept the miserable end of someone with similar
skills.
"Your body has stiffened."
As if warming up, Ymir rotated his shoulders and looked at Sung
Eum.
"One left."
Sung Eum's shoulders trembled.
'A body?'
Humans, living beings, were great because they had minds.
"Your Highness, please retreat. I will stop him."
Accepting Daesuk's death, Mun Kyung blocked Sung Eum's path and raised
his sword.
"Run."
Shirone said.
"There's no need for more sacrifices. You can escape. Leave
now."
"Was it all just talk?"
Sung Eum narrowed her eyes and snapped.
"Does your promise to fight only apply to opponents you can defeat?
And you asked me to give you one step?"
"I will stop him."
Leaving aside the 19,000 Shirones, he couldn't leave as long as Rian and
Kido remained.
"This is my labyrinth. Take your men and retreat."
To be honest, even with Sung Eum's abilities, she couldn't guarantee
escaping from Ymir.
"I brought that giant here."
Sung Eum passed Mun Kyung and approached Ymir.
"I will take responsibility."
"No! If you approach…"
Before Shirone could finish, Ymir slammed the ground and leaped.
With a thud, the ground collapsed, and Ymir's body charged at Sung Eum
with terrifying speed.
Ether Wave - Extreme Field.
As the ether vibrated, the space around her began to ripple like
waves.
"Your Highness…"
Mun Kyung's voice flew to the ends of the earth.
"Kahahaha!"
Ymir's laughter echoed.
"How?"
If Ymir's presence could be described as a torrent, it was like a rock
splitting the torrent in two.
"I have to push him back!"
Listening to the sound of the gravity waves emanating from Ymir's body,
Sung Eum bit her lip.
"An interesting technique."
Ymir's voice seemed to wander around, sometimes near, sometimes far,
like a rubber band.
"You're the type I hate the most."
The vibrations spanned the ends of the world.
The moment Sung Eum locked eyes with the one leading the shaking Ymir,
she realized.
"I've been hit."
The mind struck first.
"I can't avoid it."
In the extreme slow-motion of time, Ymir's fist flew slowly towards her
forehead.
At the peak of a creature's strike, Sung Eum's body couldn't function in
any way.
"Am I going to die?"
That was the only thought that could fit in such a short moment, and
just as Ymir's fist was about to pierce her one step,
"Time-Space Counter!"
Shirone, countering the space wave with a time wave, approached with an
ether wave.
"You too?"
As everyone broke through the iron wall, Sung Eum's pride shattered, and
she expanded her Immortal Function to the extreme.
Ether Wave - Super Field.
Shirone was pushed back again, but Ymir remained in place.
The fist, which seemed like it would be pushed back, continued to push
through the air towards Sung Eum.
"This is the end."
As Sung Eum's consciousness expanded infinitely and her ego began to
shatter,
The seesaw of time began to level.
"How?"
In the ether spreading at the speed of light, someone was coming against
the flow at an incredible speed.
"No way…!"
Now, Sung Eum's head moved faster than Ymir's fist, and she saw Shirone
with a black-and-white magic circle.
"Valhalla Action!"
Shirone, pulling in the time of 19,000 people, reversed cause and effect
and leaped over it.
"…"
It was Jin Sung Eum's one step.
"Got it! I caught it!"
As Shirone grabbed Sung Eum's waist and leaped, Ymir's fist sliced
through the air.
Boom!
The wind pressure pushed the ground away and advanced, causing an
explosion deep in the cave.
Ymir's face twisted in anger.
"Arrgh!"
His Mind Fist had been broken.