Chapter 787:
"Urrgh…"
The man, who had tried to bite his tongue and die, collapsed after being
struck at the back of the neck. One by one, all the villagers lost consciousness.
The only ones left awake were the gypsies, easily distinguishable by
their attire.
Even if they hadn't been, the Captain of the Guard would have had no
trouble identifying which among them were guilty.
This is why His Majesty is unmatched.
Havitz feels no fear.
Even if the world curses him, His Majesty has reached a pinnacle that
humanity can only strive toward.
This was why the man, known as the Empire's greatest swordmaster,
willingly served a minor border lord who was essentially in exile.
I will make His Majesty emperor, no matter what.
Seven years later, he would be beheaded in a single strike by the battle
doll Natasha, who had wandered into Havitz's playground.
His final words, uttered with a severed head, were: "I have seen the
ultimate in combat."
"Havitz…?"
The gypsies stared blankly at Havitz, who was holding Abella in his
arms.
He may not have been Emperor Gustav Havitz XVI, but simply being the
Havitz who ruled over the eastern borderland of Arkaba made him a godlike figure in their eyes.
He's said to be an unprecedented tyrant…
Though they were wanderers, even gypsies knew of the emperor's son, said
to harbor bottomless madness.
"Abella! Come here, quickly!"
Having witnessed Havitz's brutality through what he'd done to the
pirates, even Abella's mother couldn't bring herself to approach—only gesturing from afar.
"Don't be scared."
Havitz whispered, and Abella nodded.
"Mm. I'm not scared at all anymore."
A scene of death. A near assault. But to a nine-year-old girl, it was no
different from a natural disaster.
What mattered most to her was that the bad people who hurt her were
gone.
"Because Mister beat the monster."
Only adults see the invisible tightrope.
"Put me down."
Even the world's greatest scholars struggle to define Havitz
clearly.
"Going to your mom? Then should we play again tomorrow?"
In Abella's eyes, Havitz was just a peer with superpowers—far stronger
than any grown-up.
"We have to leave now."
Living the gypsy life, Abella knew her tribe would move on to a new
village tomorrow.
"Really?"
Havitz's eyes filled with disappointment.
"Abella, come now. Don't bother someone so important."
Just as her mother gathered the courage to step closer, Abella turned to
Havitz and held out her hand.
"Mister, since you're an adult, can you give me some money?"
"Abella!"
Her mother cried out.
"Sure. I'll give you ten billion gold. I've got lots of money."
Havitz readily agreed, but Abella shook her head.
"No. I want to buy a flower here. Just one. This time I want to know its
name and type. I'm going to sell flowers."
"How can you start a business with just one flower?"
"Flowers drop seeds every year. I'll plant and grow them. And when I
have enough to open a shop…"
Tears welled up in her eyes.
"Will you come visit me there? Let's play again."
So unwilling to part, Havitz began sniffling and searched his
pockets.
"Of course. If I want to play again, I have to give you what you want.
I'll come see your flower garden for sure."
He placed a gold coin in her small hand.
"Abella!"
As Havitz left the village, Abella's mother rushed over and smacked her
on the bottom.
"What do you think you were doing?! You almost died! Do you even
understand that?!"
"Waaah! Why are you hitting me?!"
Still unaware of the gravity of the situation, Abella's words made her
mother grab her shoulders and lock eyes with her.
"Look at me! Didn't I tell you not to talk to strangers? Do you even
know who that man was?!"
"Huh? That man?"
Looking back at where Havitz had been, Abella's tear-streaked face lit
up with a smile.
"The Mustache Mister."
"Urrghhh! Whaaaah!"
Even on his way back to the palace, Havitz sobbed uncontrollably. The
Captain of the Guard cautiously offered a suggestion.
"Your Majesty, if you're so saddened by the parting, why not bring all
the gypsies to the palace?"
Havitz's tears stopped instantly, and the Captain felt a killing aura
pierce through him like never before.
"M-my apologies!"
He didn't even know what he'd done wrong.
"Abella said she would grow a flower garden and show it to me. And
you're telling me to bring her here? What kind of person are you?"
Impossible to understand.
Was Abella's promise to grow a flower garden and one day invite Havitz
really so important?
It seems like he only follows his desires…
But at times, he restrains himself perfectly.
No, even that is part of his desire.
To adults, a promise with a nine-year-old is nothing.
But to Havitz, it was the most powerful driving force in life.
"She's called a witch, huh…"
The only reason the Captain's head wasn't taken then and there was
because Havitz saw some merit in his words.
"Before sentencing the Bardol villagers to dark punishment…"
The Captain bowed instantly.
"Your command, sire."
"Investigate all of their family ties. Cousins, second cousins, third
cousins—kill every last one. Don't miss a single person."
"Excuse me?"
The Captain looked up, knowing that would number over ten thousand even
by rough estimate.
But seeing the sincerity in Havitz's face, he quickly bowed again,
forcing out a reply.
"I will carry out your command!"
"He didn't do it knowingly."
Uorin spoke.
"Havitz is free from the Law, but due to Law Number 2, he likely
perceives another self—another layer of being. Of course, because of the nature of chaos, it's far
removed from reason. Still, on a sensory level…"
It was a pause meant to prepare them for a shocking truth.
"In the end, he actually investigated every cousin, second cousin, and
even third cousin of the residents of Bardol—and killed about 22,000 people."
Minerva, watching Abella's shoulders begin to tremble again,
spoke.
"You knew, didn't you? On some instinctive level."
"Yeah. Probably, if that chaos named Havitz hadn't entered the village
fourteen years ago, Miss Abella would've been assaulted by those pirates."
And that would have made her a witch.
"Even if she hadn't awakened then, the massacre of the village would've
followed her as a trauma, shaping her life. One way or another, it would have ruined her."
But Havitz had preemptively erased that fate.
"For fourteen whole years—until she reached adulthood—he wiped out every
possible variable that might've led her to suffer. He turned the Law into a wasteland. That's why she
didn't become a witch."
Minerva stared directly at Abella.
"And you knew too, didn't you? That everyone in that village, anyone
with a drop of shared blood, died after you left."
"N-no!"
Abella hesitated, then confessed.
"…Yes. I heard it later from my mother. She told me if it hadn't been
for Mister Havitz, I would've become a witch."
"Those people were innocent. You knew that too, right?"
Tears streamed down Abella's cheeks.
"Yes."
When she was nine, she had been able to see the world the same way
Havitz did. She could relate.
But once you grow up, you begin to see the invisible tightrope—and
Abella now understood all of it.
Shirone asked,
"Did you ever consider calling Havitz to your flower shop?"
"No. It was just a childish promise. Later, I realized how silly it was.
Even the flower I bought with the money he gave me wilted within a year. I cried for days back
then."
"The problem is…"
Iruki spoke.
"Havitz still considers that promise valid. Even now, he's probably
waiting for her to call him."
No one disagreed.
"In that case, the odds of success may be higher, but…"
Minerva was interrupted by Shirone.
"Miss Abella, how is your mother now?"
"She passed away two years ago. She was always frail… But she was happy
when I opened the flower shop."
The Yus had long vanished, and Abella likely had no family left.
Minerva continued.
"We intend to kill Havitz. But the most important factor is your will.
Can you do it?"
Mister Havitz…
She knew how many had been sacrificed just so he could shatter her
cursed fate.
He's a bad person. Truly… a terrible person.
Abella closed her eyes.
He buried people alive, started wars, and killed people who had nothing
to do with any of it… and yet…
That's how I came to live this happy life.
She's conflicted.
Shirone understood Uorin now.
Evil can be… seductive. Because it accomplishes what humans
cannot.
"But it's an illusion, Miss Abella. Havitz is nothing more than endless
chaos—the embodiment of what humans call Extreme Evil."
And thus, he has no place in the human world.
"I'll do it."
Abella opened her eyes slowly, her decision made.
Yes… let's die. Together, Mister.
Uorin added,
"We'll give you one last moment to think. Not for your sake—for ours. We
know this isn't something that works by force."
"No. I've made up my mind. Even if Mister Havitz helped me… because of
me, many people died."
There was also guilt she needed to atone for.
"I'll do it. I don't know what kind of ability I have, but I'll do
everything I can."
As Gando led Abella out, Uorin looked around at the others.
"We've secured the Alpha Fish. Once we bring in the Beta Fish,
preparations will be complete."
Iruki leaned on his hand.
"…So there was a survivor."
Shirone realized something too.
"Ah… I see."
"Those 22,000 people Havitz ordered to be killed—they were innocent. But
not even an emperor could track down every blood relative. Which means…"
Uorin was candid.
"Yes. One woman who escaped the massacre fourteen years ago is currently
living in the Kingdom of Arachne."
From a Law standpoint, it was an ideal match.
"Arachne? That's in the Southern Hemisphere."
Gudio added,
"It's one of the Seven Royal Stars, representing the Ten Island Kingdoms
of the Southern Sea. A famous political sanctuary and resort destination."
"And it's where they hold the World Beauty Contest, too."
Everyone turned toward Maice.
"I just… wondered who'd win. That's all. No other reason."
Uorin sighed.
"The problem is, she's hiding her identity. That's why, Shirone, we need
your help."
He had already made up his mind.
"Bring us the Beta Fish. As one of the Five Stars, you should be able to
request access to Arachne's asylum records."
"What info do we have on her?"
"Her real name is Emery Jaestin. We haven't confirmed what name she's
currently using. She's 27 now, and has a burn scar on her lower right ribs—an injury sustained during
her escape."
A distinctive wound like that would help identify her.
"Kashan to Arachne is basically end to end. With the layovers at the
international stations, flying might be faster."
Iruki asked,
"Isn't that more monster-like than any monster?"
Uorin smiled with her eyes.
"Take Ratusa. It'll help."
Third-tier monster, the monstrous bird Kaidra.
Shirone still vividly remembered flying it through the southern desert
oasis of Vanguard and breaking through the god Noskarta's defenses.
That was rough… but now it's a memory.
He suddenly missed Rian and Kido.
"I'll leave now. Have Ratusa ready."
Just as Shirone opened the door with Iruki, Maice shot to his feet and
shouted:
"Find out what color swimsuit the winner wears!"
Thud. The door closed.