Chapter 805:
That Winter (1)
Shirone and Minerva wandered around the world, searching for traces
of "Law-Killer."
"Target deprivation."
Minerva, sitting in the jet, said.
"When the user's intent to kill is reset, it's called target
change. And when the dagger is destroyed."
Shirone continued her words.
"Law-Killer reappears in front of the person closest to
eliminating the target."
"But if the new user changes their mind and doesn't kill the
target, Law-Killer destroys itself and deprives the user."
Shirone didn't know what happened after that.
"Law-Killer's intent to kill is so strong that it twists the
law. So, it shatters at the moment it can't kill. In human terms, it's like an outburst of
rage."
"Hatred."
"Yes. When target deprivation occurs, Law-Killer's hatred is
maximized. Even if Habits is outside the law, Law-Killer in a state of target deprivation will be a
formidable opponent." Shirone looked straight ahead. "Where could it be?"
"Target deprivation is the peak of Law-Killer's function. But
the downside is that it doesn't appear in front of people."
"Then there's no way to find it."
"It's difficult, but it's not like finding a needle in a
haystack. If Law-Killer was born now..."
Minerva's eyes were filled with sadness.
"That area would already be devastated."
While Shirone's team was recovering Law-Killer, the Ex Machina team
began their final inspection.
Thousands of sheets of paper with algorithms drawn on them were
attached to the walls, and the table was piled with documents.
"Alpha fish, or pilot fish, are the first to enter the aquarium
and create an environment where beta fish can live."
Iruki said while organizing the documents.
"Abella's change of heart means that Habits has also accepted
her."
Guido, who was recording on the blackboard, said.
"The strategy that someone born with the fate of a witch could
capture Habits' heart worked."
Iruki nodded.
"I don't know how sincere Habits is, but this will bind him to
the law to some extent."
It was the alpha fish that created that environment.
"We lost Crouch in return..."
After a moment of mourning, Iruki put the last document in the safe
and stood up.
"Now, our job is to create the best law to snipe Habits until we
recover Law-Killer."
Agaya opened the door.
"Law-Killer in a state of target deprivation doesn't twist the
law. Instead, it becomes the law itself."
Guido, Mice, and Ness followed.
"In addition to Gustav's four generals, there are numerous
bulletproof units and facilities protecting Havitz. As long as he resides in Marsac, sniping is
impossible."
An iron fortress that even alpha fish can't approach.
"Our role is to create a gap in that iron fortress."
Iruki, the last to leave the room, arrived at the Ex Machina device
in the basement.
"I will find that gap."
As the door opened with a burst of steam, the five best savants in
the world entered.
The East, Moon Kingdom.
Moon, one of the Seven Sovereigns, was a country at the forefront of
sorcery, leading the seven eastern kingdoms except for the Jincheon Empire.
"Ugh. Death, I see death."
At the entrance of Chiaksan, the royal sorcerer trembled as he held
the bell.
"We can't climb. From now on, what awaits us is darkness deeper
than the abyss."
Chiaksan.
A natural fortress guarded by fierce beasts, where no one lived due
to its rugged terrain.
"Alright, let's go quickly. They're waiting behind
us."
Minerva pointed to the long line of Moon Kingdom soldiers behind
them.
"Are you really going? Even though I'm a royal sorcerer, I can't
block this energy."
Shirone looked up at the snow-covered mountain.
'This is Minerva's...'
The murderous intent that seemed to dominate the mountain when she
first met Minerva was present.
"If something like this happened, you should have reported it
quickly. Kings, I swear."
The disaster struck the Moon Kingdom two months ago, but the kingdom
kept it quiet for diplomatic reasons.
According to rumors among the people, the screams of beasts were
heard from the mountain almost every day.
"It must be Law-Killer's work." Minerva stood next to
Shirone.
"The grudge of not being able to kill the target amplifies
endlessly, sweeping away everything around it."
Even without Law-Killer moving, most creatures would die from the
murderous intent alone.
"Let's go up and check."
As they climbed the mountain path made by wild animals, Shirone found
piles of animal corpses.
"They're all dead."
Herbivores like rabbits and deer living halfway up the mountain were
dead, frozen without a single wound.
"Ugh! Ugh!"
The soldiers started vomiting, and even the officers were
retching.
"We have to stop here. We can't go any further!"
The sorcerer warned again.
"You're all so weak."
They were elite soldiers, but the murderous intent spreading through
the mountain was Minerva's.
"Wait here. Shirone and I will go up."
No one objected to the order of the Five Stars, and the two headed
towards the summit.
"My God..."
On the barren field where even grass had died, the corpses of fierce
monsters, goblins born from emotions, and giant beasts the size of houses were visible.
"They fought back."
Minerva, who had transformed into a girl, had a sorrowful look in her
eyes.
"First, the grass died, then the herbivores. When there was
nothing left to kill, they roamed the mountain, piercing everything in their path."
The corpses all had penetrating wounds.
"Whether they had intelligence or not, they instinctively
realized that if they didn't eliminate the sword that suddenly appeared in the mountain, they would all
die. So they chased Law-Killer here..."
The result was annihilation.
"That was the hatred I harbored towards the world."
The landscape of Chiaksan alone showed how horrific young Minerva's
heart was.
"And now, as a fragment that can't be eliminated, it still
wanders the world."
The girl arrived at the summit, where Law-Killer was imprinted in the
cold snow like a print.
In the all-white world, only the area around Law-Killer shimmered
with a purple hue.
Minerva reached out and grabbed the dagger.
"That's why, even though I already gave it to you, only I can
recover Law-Killer in a state of target deprivation."
Law-Killer was found.
"Minerva..."
As Shirone moved to comfort her, a voice came from the other side of
the mountain.
"You're late. With the two busy Five Stars wandering together,
haven't you let your guard down?"
Minerva frowned as she saw the man walking through the snow.
"Mahoro Amanta." He was one of the Five Stars of the
Balance Department, who turned the wheel of the world.
"It's the first time meeting you, Shirone. I should congratulate
you, but I've been too busy."
Minerva returned to her adult form.
"Shirone? We're both Five Stars. And Shirone has more
influence."
Minerva was the one who usually addressed Shirone most casually, but
Amanta didn't care.
'The Five Stars of the Balance Department?'
He had brown skin, a bald head, and deep wrinkles around his
eyes.
Tiriririri!
When he snapped his fingers, a small wheel-shaped world wheel spun
between his thumb and index finger.
"So? What brings the busy Five Stars of the Balance Department
here?"
"With the Buddha gone, there's no counterpoint to philanthropy.
I'm worried you're going too far."
Minerva didn't give Shirone a chance to intervene.
"Your meddling is as vast as the universe. No need to worry.
We're doing much better than you."
"To my eyes, that's not apparent."
Tiriririri!
The sound of winding a spring was very annoying.
"Shirone's philanthropy is just the desire of 'some' people, not
representing the whole world."
Finally, Shirone stepped in.
"Isn't it enough if we can love each other without
suffering?"
"No, that's not it."
Amanta was firm.
"This world is just a 'background for living,' not a rulebook on
how to live."
The Balance Department supports all users of the world.
"Shirone has the power to break the system. Depending on its
use, it can disrupt the order of the world. Therefore, your philanthropy is just a cheat without the
balance of emptiness."
"Nane allowed the breaking of the system."
"Buddha allowed the transgression, but he didn't support you.
That's why I've stepped in."
Minerva asked.
"So? Are you going to fight us?"
"I'm here to balance things."
The world wheel that left Amanta's hand flew quickly towards
Shirone.
"Shirone! Dodge!"
Minerva shouted, but Shirone, already angry, grabbed the wheel with
his hand.
"Your argument is just another opinion. I have absolutely no
intention of yielding."
Amanta pointed to the sky and twirled his finger.
"You're wrong. To me, it's not an opinion. I'm just activating a
user protection program."
"What...?"
"I am the one who realized the center of the universe."
Therefore, he was not biased and had the authority to turn the world wheel.
"With that authority, I will seal your
philanthropy."
"Shirone! Let go of the world wheel!"
Before Minerva could finish her words, the world wheel Shirone held
began to spin at an incredible speed.
"Ugh!"
Amanta let Shirone go.
"There is no power that can defeat balance."
Shirone's wrist twisted, his arm twisted, and finally, his whole body
began to spin from the shoulder.
'I'm being sucked in.'
Shirone's entire body twisted like laundry, and the whole world spun
along with the infinitely growing wheel.
As light and darkness alternated before his eyes, his mind began to
grow hazy.
Whirr! Whirr! Whirr! Whirr! Whirr!
At the sound of a giant blade spinning, Shirone regained
consciousness.
He was looking at the ceiling, where a metal fan over 200 meters in
diameter was spinning.
"Why have you come here, representative of
humanity?"
As the unknown language was decoded into Ultima, Shirone quickly
looked around.
It was a domed space with wheel patterns engraved on the inner
walls.
"Where is this?"
The Therapos priests, surrounding him in a 360-degree circle, spoke
in unison.
"This is the prison of balance. A perfect isolation space that
confines those who violate the balance of the universe."
"Until when?"
"You have committed the crime of breaking time. You cannot leave
this place until the Buddha appears in the world."
"Please call the Chief Justice of Therapos."
"This is a perfect isolation space. It is outside the law, and
only you, the one who breaks the balance, exist here."
Shirone sighed.
"Nane allowed the breaking of time."
"We are the user protection program. Our only task is to isolate
errors until the system recovery is complete."
"No, that's not what I mean..." Shirone shook his head and
spoke again.
"I mean... Nane allowed the breaking of system."
As Yahweh's light appeared above Shirone's head, the giant fan on the
ceiling stopped moving.
'Reverse it!'
As the fan gradually began to spin in the opposite direction, a halo
of light was born.
"Stop! If you escape from the prison of balance without
permission...!"
What happens then?
Since it was unprecedented, even the Therapos priests couldn't
continue their words.
'Whoosh!'
As the scenery before his eyes changed, the world wheel spinning in
reverse restored Shirone's body.
"What is this?"
Shirone gritted his teeth and threw the world wheel into the snow,
causing Amanta's eyes to widen in shock.
"How did you escape...?"
Since it confined the very concept, not even Yahweh should have been
able to escape.
"Could it be?"
Amanta suddenly realized.
'There is only one possible explanation.'
The system does not recognize Hexa as an error.