Chapter 807:
That Winter (3)
Haigang Hills.
Beta-fish Jaestin concentrated as she gazed at the meadow unfolding
before her.
'Father.'
It was like the sound of livestock being slaughtered as her father's
throat was cut before her eyes.
'Mother.'
Brutally mutilated.
'My dear family, and their families too...'
One day, without any warning, her life was bombarded.
'It hasn't been easy for me either.'
The only reason she could escape with her life from that bombardment was
because her own life was more precious than her family's.
'I'm sorry. Mom, Dad.'
Tears poured like a waterfall the moment she realized a truth she had
ignored.
'I wanted to live.'
To console herself that she was young was to overlook the fact that her
lived life was marked by all sorts of cowardice.
'And someone unknown who died in my place.'
Someone mistook another child for Jaestin, allowing her to escape from
Havitz's net.
"It's time, Miss Jaestin."
Shirone and Minerva approached from either side.
'I'll end this!'
In her eyes, raised fiercely, lay the most intense rage in the
world.
"With this..."
As Shirone opened the lid of the red metal box, the 'Law-Killer'
vibrated violently, emitting the smell of blood.
"Strange, isn't it?"
Commander Guy, who had been attacking the fortress of Vashken, came to
Balkan with a report.
"Yes. The fortress is already isolated, yet they have neither
activated the Ex Machina nor given up."
"Hmm."
Guy was a madman.
'But that's why I trust him.' He may not have the ability to read
military discipline coldly, but his intuition about war was as sharp as Balkan's.
"What are they plotting?"
"There's no reason not to activate the Ex Machina. Perhaps they're
preparing a decisive strike we're unaware of..."
Balkan's eyes flashed.
"Damn it!"
Guy lifted his head.
"What's wrong?"
It was not a matter to be discussed with others.
"Never mind. Lead the mobile unit to the outer city gate
immediately. Don't let anyone into the capital."
"The outer city gate has already been breached. There's no report
of additional troops from the Holy War..."
"You're the only one who can do this." Balkan added.
"You won't be disappointed."
That was enough for Guy.
"Understood."
As long as he could swing his sword, Guy didn't question things—this was
why he was key to Balkan.
After dispatching Guy, Balkan strode towards the temporary
barracks.
'Ex Machina, and 'Law-Killer.' Damn it! It was all predetermined from
the start.'
All Abella had told him was that Kasha sent her to kill Havitz.
'She must have been deceived too. The assassination of Havitz begins
now.'
Entering the barracks, Balkan shouted.
"Prepare to retreat! Deploy all available personnel to escort His
Majesty!"
"What? But why retreat now..."
Balkan did not allow his subordinate to argue.
"What about the Empress?"
"She's resting in the noble's quarters."
Balkan quickly armed himself, nodded, and drew back the tent of the
barracks.
'I hope it's not too late...'
Jaestin said,
"I was scared. Despite bearing the deaths of many, I just looked
away. I thought I could escape."
A 'Law-Killer' that has undergone target deprivation harbors an endless
rage after losing its target.
"Thank you for giving me this opportunity."
Jaestin grasped the 'Law-Killer.'
"So this is that dagger."
As malice soaked into the dagger, a scream as if the sky was tearing
apart was heard.
Shirone swallowed hard.
'Perhaps this is, the outcry of Minerva from her childhood.'
It was horrifying.
"Let's begin."
Shirone took out a material-made atomic clock to measure the time to
strike the law.
"Iruki designed the coordinates; there are 41.331 seconds
left."
The numbers on the display dropped below 30 seconds.
"We won't be able to hit it precisely."
Even though Jaestin was skilled at sniping, catching a thousandth of a
second was difficult.
"That's why we are here. We'll coordinate the law while
communicating with Iruki."
Minerva added,
"So don't think about the time. What we need from you is a hatred
that is incomparable to anything else."
"I'm confident in that."
With 10 seconds remaining, Jaestin closed her eyes.
'Havitz.'
In her imagination, Havitz became a giant flame, flickering like a
devil's tongue.
'It's not for the world.'
It wasn't because of rage.
'Just my personal vengeance. So let it be...'
The imaginary flame exploded, and Jaestin's face, shedding tears of
blood, emerged.
"Die!"
Shirone said,
"Four seconds."
Jaestin clenched the dagger, spread her legs wide, and screamed as if
tearing her throat apart, throwing the 'Law-Killer' with all her might.
"AAAAAAHHHHH!"
The most extreme method chosen by hatred.
BOOM!
As if thunder struck, the air exploded, and the trajectory of the
'Law-Killer' stretched out like a clothesline.
"Launch!"
Shirone and Minerva pursued the 'Law-Killer,' but it had already
vanished from sight.
'Incredible speed. What is this...?'
The scream of the 'Law-Killer,' laden with 14 years of frustration,
finally filled the space.
"Shirone! Go!" Minerva unusually squeezed the jet between her
thighs and moved sideways.
"We'll fly at top speed. Hold onto my waist."
"Could you have flown faster?"
"Yes."
Shirone furrowed his brow.
"But why didn't you fly like that before?"
"The vibration is too intense."
Looking down, Minerva turned to Shirone and showed a bright
smile.
"Once you taste it, you can't stop." Distracted for a moment,
Shirone let go of Minerva's waist.
"We need to stop this time."
"I'll try. And hold onto the waist. It feels much better than you
think."
What is it that makes him even more reluctant to hold on?
The jet vibrated minutely as it sped through the air.
At the same time as the sonic boom burst, Minerva raised her head and
moaned.
"AAAAHHHH..."
As Shirone was about to scold, Iruki's voice entered his mind.
-Shirone! Can you hear me? I've been practicing telepathy magic for
nearly a year, and the dislocated type allows long-distance communication.
"I hear you. But there's some noise mixed in."
-It's because of the distance. It's hard enough just to maintain the
spirit zone. How's the 'Law-Killer'?
Shirone turned where the jet was flying parallel to the
'Law-Killer'.
"Safe. What now?"
-It was slightly fast. Can you slow down the 'Law-Killer' by about 80
centimeters per second?
"I'll try."
Shirone, illuminated by Yahweh's light, created a thin air barrier in
front, intensifying the 'Law-Killer's' vibrations.
-That's it. A little more. Done.
As they entered a forest 98 kilometers from Vashken, Shirone's eyes
widened.
'Did you design all this?'
Even a single branch could alter the law, but the 'Law-Killer' was
piercing through numerous gaps.
Over a deer drinking at a spring, under a lynx pouncing on a
rabbit...
"This is an overdose. Most of the data is concentrated in the
capital. We'll take over from the 80-kilometer mark."
As they passed the village where the Exmachina was located, Iruki's
voice became clearer.
"I'm going to follow too."
He felt obligated to verify the results.
"Gustaf's forces are fully deployed. The magic control devices are
also running at full capacity. Escape from the capital entrance."
"Understood."
After passing several cities, they finally approached the outer gate of
the capital, Vashken.
"Iruki, the troops are deployed."
"It doesn't matter. I've already adjusted the laws to ensure Havitz
dies."
Iruki, handling the Ex Machina, hadn't been able to fully grasp the
details of the troop deployments.
"Someone's coming!"
Iruki's voice became muffled again.
"…It's okay… Ultimately… the law…"
The 'Law-Killer' followed the only gap guarded by the soldiers and
penetrated the city gate without a millimeter of error.
"What? What's going on?"
As the soldiers looked around bewildered, a knight in armor over two
meters tall drew his sword.
"YAAAHH!"
The sight of the ground bursting was not humanly fast.
"Dodge!"
Minerva twisted the head of the jet, pushing the wind forward, and
through the air pressure, Guy struck with his long sword.
Shirone felt dizzy.
'What is this??????'
Even as he dodged instantly, he could clearly see the opponent's
determination etched in the flash.
'Is this Ogent's swordsmanship?'
As the ground split with a loud noise, Shirone and Minerva landed across
that line.
"Huh? You dodged?"
The giant knight straightened up, slinging the long sword over his
shoulder.
'Talking about a long sword...'
It was longer and thicker than Rian's great sword.
"I really made the right choice coming to Gustaf. Being next to the
military, you get to participate in many interesting wars."
As he said this and took off his helmet, Shirone's eyes shook with
shock.
"Rian?"
No, this man had a stronger build, was older, and notably had black
hair.
Guy twitched his thick eyebrows.
"How strange. To hear my brother's name here."
"Your brother?"
A conversation with Temuran came to mind.
"Guy Ogent?"
"Ho?"
Guy looked at Shirone with interest.
"Who are you?"
A fearsome killing intent surged.
"Hahaha! I am but a beggar!"
Excluding Balkan, the forces of the Four Generals of Gustav raided the
villages, wreaking havoc.
Though Natasha had the upper hand in killing skills, Zetaro's actions
were horrific, and Smodo was malevolent.
"You fools! What are you doing here!"
Balkan rushed over with Abella.
"Your Majesty? Where's Havitz?" Natasha shrugged.
"I don't know. I was keeping score of who killed more. He probably
went into that village."
As expected, screams were heard.
"Damn! Prepare to retreat! We're leaving!"
"Is the war over already?"
"No. The city is on the verge of falling. But that's not what
matters. Let's get out of here first."
This was the first time Balkan had seemed so flustered.
"What's going on?"
Without time to explain, Balkan took Abella to where the screams
erupted.
"Please persuade Havitz! We need to leave the capital."
"Alright, alright."
Since Havitz was where the screams originated, they headed straight for
the door of the village house.
"Come here! I'm 'it'!"
Inside, the house was a mess, and Havitz was chasing a family with a
crude sword taken from the blacksmith.
"Honey! This way!"
As the mother carrying a young child ran up the attic stairs, Havitz
tripped.
"Please save us... Please..."
While the husband embraced his wife and son, Havitz raised his head
sharply.
"It's a dead end anyway."
Balkan shouted.
"Your Majesty! You need to flee now! I assure you, if we don't
leave the capital now, we will die!"
Relief flooded the family's faces.
'We're saved. We survived.'
Havitz looked back while lying down.
"Die?"
His eyes gleamed with a fearsome desire and he scrambled up the
stairs.
"AAAAAAHHH!"
Balkan sighed as he watched Havitz slaughter the family.
"It's like adding fuel to the fire."
It was more fun for him to kill the relieved family than his own
death.
"No, maybe…"
Abella shouted.
"Honey! Hurry! Some strange weapon is going to kill
you!"
Balkan intervened.
"No, let it be. Just leave it."
"What? What do you mean?"
"The combination of Ex Machina and 'Law-Killer.' And what we can
bring to bear is perfect chaos."
Maybe Havitz was right after all.