Chapter 808:
That Winter (4)
Shirone relaxed his stance and approached Guy.
"I'm Rian's friend..."
As Guy's sword flashed like a bolt of lightning, a vertical gust of wind
swept towards Shirone with sharp force. Although it was just wind, it was sharp enough to cut skin, and
Shirone dodged to the side, twisting his head.
"You shouldn't relax during a war."
Shirone quickly continued.
"My name is Shirone, a friend of Rian. I heard that the eldest son
of the Ogent family is abroad as a spy for the kingdom."
If this was true, Guy was not an enemy.
"A spy?"
Guy laughed, resting his sword on his shoulder.
"Who says that, that I am a spy?"
"Well, your family..."
Guy's laughter abruptly stopped.
"I've heard, my cute youngest brother has made a new friend.
Perhaps, that friend is now one of the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower?"
Although Guy's tone was sarcastic, Shirone maintained his
manners.
"Yes, I am one of those Five Stars." Guy lowered his
stance.
"Is Rian doing well?"
"I haven't heard from him since we parted a year ago, but wherever
he is, I'm sure he's doing well."
"Is that so? That's regrettable."
The moment Shirone sensed Guy's wavering, the ground beneath Guy burst
open.
"I wanted to deliver a last message."
Suddenly, Guy appeared right in front of him, and Shirone
teleported.
"Too slow!"
The blade passed close enough to slice his throat.
"What??"
Experiencing a time lapse, Shirone found himself retreating tens of
meters back, gasping for air.
"Ah, time."
Guy, who had once picked off the heads of archmages like they were
grapes, was well aware of the oddities of magic.
"How about this?"
The genius with black hair, applying a 'fold' to all seven schemas, left
an imprint of a person in transparent air with a loud pop.
Although it couldn't outpace light, the blade struck before Shirone
could even begin to think.
"Even if you carry a god in your head, the vessel is merely
flesh."
Feeling dizzy was his only thought, and before all nine senses could
activate, a slash crossed horizontally.
KOOOOOO!
If one could hear the sound of the sun, it would resemble the roaring
blaze of the air now.
"This is irritating."
Minerva, clutching the back of Shirone's coat, retreated endlessly
backward.
Due to the crude distance, she couldn't gauge Guy's movements, so they
stopped at a 280-meter mark.
"Are you okay?"
"No. I almost died." Shirone spoke frankly.
"I've never faced such a strong swordsman before."
'Would fighting Rian feel like this?'
"It's not just a lack of experience... If we are the pinnacle of
magic, that is the pinnacle of swordsmanship."
Minerva didn't look pleased.
"Honestly, if it's the same level, I'd avoid a swordsman too. No
matter how strong the spirit, the body is direct. We need to keep distance and engage
strategically."
With a lower-level swordsman, they could be overwhelmed in a direct
confrontation, but this was the proper way to face a swordsman.
"Or, unless a swordsman of comparable level is on our
side."
Shirone longed to see Rian.
"Keep at least 300 meters away. Otherwise, we won't have the
reaction time to manifest magic by the time we need it."
"No. I don't want to fight." It wasn't just because Guy was
strong.
"He's Rian's brother. I don't know why he's in Gustav, but fighting
here is a loss."
"Kid."
From 300 meters away, Guy could hear the voice.
"You don't know Rian well. Just like I chose the sword and
abandoned my family, Rian did the same."
Shirone used sound magic.
"No. I know Rian. If he knew we were fighting for such a reason,
he'd be disappointed."
"That might be true. I don't know how he grew up. But still, we
can't just die here, can we?"
Guy prepared to charge.
"This time, I'll kill you."
From afar, Shirone's eyes sharply gleamed at the daunting aura.
"Did you really abandon Thormia? If there's an unspeakable
reason..."
"Shush."
A small voice thundered loudly.
"Why does a star talk so much?"
Since it wasn't an opponent he could chat and fight with, Shirone too
kept quiet.
"We must avoid at all costs. Let's attack from both
sides."
Minerva deeply inhaled her pipe, and Guy's killing intent rose
vertically like a great sword.
An emergency alarm sounded inside the Ex Machina.
"Damn it! What's going on?"
Iruki intensely scrutinized the outcome derived by the transcendent
computing power of the Ex Machina.
"A failure? Why?"
Despite thousands of simulations, once in actual combat, the conclusion
was that Havitz could not be killed.
Gudio clenched his teeth.
"It was a variable of imaginary numbers from the start. According
to the calculations, Havitz should have fled the capital to protect Abella."
That was when he would have been pierced by the 'Law-Killer', as
calculated by the Ex Machina.
"Is it impossible to bind Havitz to the law even with the noose of
Alpha Pisci?"
Iruki shouted.
"It's too early to give up!"
"What are you planning?"
"We've already entered Bashken. If we twist the 'Law-Killer's'
laws, we can pursue Havitz again!"
Ness's skeletal eyes widened.
"No! It's too dangerous!"
The laws acting on 'Law-Killer' interlock within a 200-kilometer radius,
a massive complexity.
"We can do it..."
It's not yours, Albino said.
"We're doing it."
Iruki's eyes blazed as he initiated the overdrive.
"Cancellation!"
Through the Ex Machina, his spirit zone canceled the laws as the
location of 'Law-Killer' was tracked.
"AAAAAHH!"
Canceling a mere spell was nothing compared to this weight, and blood
tears streamed from his eyes.
"Iruki! Stop! You have to stop!" As the trajectory of the
'Law-Killer', flying straight towards Havitz, braked and curved.
"Just reset the coordinates!" The rest would be automatically
handled by the resentment of the 'Law-Killer'.
"My head's going to explode!"
Whether the Ex Machina's brain would burst first or the 'Law-Killer'
would change its coordinates was uncertain.
"Iruki! If you die here, there's no future!"
Indeed.
"No, this is where I should die!" He knew that if he didn't
succeed now, the end of reason would come.
"A world of chaos opens."
As blood red flooded his vision, even the monitors of the Ex Machina
became obscured.
"Here I go!"
Finally, the trajectory of the 'Law-Killer' aimed at where Havitz was,
targeting chaos anew.
"We did it!"
The people playing cards clenched their fists.
"Well done, Iruki! You did it!" As there was no applause from
Iruki sitting in the lead, Agaya stood up to check on him.
"Iruki! Iruki!"
Iruki convulsed, bleeding profusely from his eyes, nose, and
ears.
"Die, die!"
While 'Law-Killer' targeted the heart, Havitz was ecstatically killing
at random.
"I mean..."
As Balkan refreshed his taste, a soldier rushed in.
"Commander! You need to move fast! To the residential
outskirts..."
Before the report could finish, a scream tearing through the air
embroidered the heavens.
"What is that?" At the edge of visibility, a single dagger
circled like a one-winged insect, piercing through the soldiers.
Abella realized the situation and shouted.
"Honey! Stop it now and let's go!" Havitz, who had stopped
moving, noticed the flying dagger.
"Playing tag?"
From just seeing the trajectory of the dagger, it was clear how much it
wanted to kill Havitz.
"Then I should run."
Havitz, with a ripped smile, grabbed Abella's hand.
"Hahaha! Balkan! We're escaping!" It was a thought that leapt
like a fish from chaos, and for Havitz, it was always the right decision.
"Natasha! Take care of His Majesty!" As Natasha covered
Havitz's rear, the royal guard hurried out of the city.
'Law-Killer' screamed as it followed.
"Damn it! What's so fast?"
The dagger, piercing through people like threading a needle, flew
straight towards Havitz.
"Dance of the Reaper."
Stationed, Natasha turned to face 'Law-Killer', deploying a magic of
apparition, and a skeleton dressed in a black robe appeared.
"I'll destroy it!"
Like a spring, she leaped forward, stretching her hand towards
'Law-Killer', and the air whistled.
"What the...?!"
Dodging Natasha's hand, 'Law-Killer', ignoring her, continued its flight
towards Havitz.
"Your Majesty!"
Balkan shouted.
"Eh?"
Havitz blinked and turned just as the blade of 'Law-Killer' arrived,
gleaming menacingly.
"What's this?"
Simultaneously, the world froze in a gray chill.
"AAAAAAHHHH."
Following a dirge from the sky, twelve figures in black robes rose from
the ground where Havitz stood.
"We are the Hell."
Every 0.666 seconds.
"Welcome Him."
"Become my subordinate and purge the world. Join forces with the
demons to engulf this world in evil."
"Hmm."
Havitz, resting his chin in thought, replied.
"No."
Satan's eyes widened grotesquely.
"Are you saying you're fine with dying?"
"I've never thought about that. The reason I refuse is that I
still want to play with my friends."
He wanted to spend more time with Abella.
"You won't last even a second."
"That one second is fun, that one second."
Havitz couldn't endure even 0.1 seconds of boredom.
"...To think you'd be so attached to something like love. Was I
wrong in thinking you were suitable to receive my grace?"
Satan sank back into the lava.
"You will regret this."
Listening to the grandly echoing dirge, Havitz happily grabbed his
wife's wrist.
"Let's go, Abella."
To the world of eternal freedom.
As the 0.666 seconds passed, Law-Killer flew towards Havitz with
inertia.
From 0.777 seconds, countless thoughts flooded Havitz's mind
simultaneously.
"Join hands with Satan and conquer the world?"
He detested the idea of bringing parents to the playground.
"That's nonsense. There's still so much we can do
together."
0.888 seconds.
0.999 seconds. Up to this moment was an instant.
Anger (1)
Anger (2)
Anger (4)
Breaking (1)
Breaking (2)
Breaking (3)
Breaking (4)
Participation (1)
Participation (2)
Participation (3)
Participation (4)
Participation (5)
Acceleration (1)
rz r: iz: u: rz rz |
"0.1 step."
Ugly woman (1)
Ugly woman (2)
Ugly woman (3)
Ugly woman (4)
"320893. 23091. 3494539. Elevation angle 23
degrees..."
Rain (1)
Rain (2)
Rain (3)
Rain (4)
Obituary (1)
Obituary (2)
Obituary (3)
Obituary (4) Memory (1)
'?"
"??????r Omega (2)
Facing (3)
"??????r
" r
" r " I"
" r Fanaticism (1)
K | 99
"Freedom!"
O ? "It hurts! It hurts! Ahhh!"
" I"
"1,411 pieces?"
"Uh 7" "But I can catch it."
"GogoL w e e. The one who ordered the survival of the Gustav Four
Knights was the 9th Corps Commander Paimon."
"87 years, 2,875 quintillion, 3,241 quadrillion, 6,442 trillion, 890
billion, 7,109 million hours left." While no one spoke, the man with the chain scythe muttered with a
blank expression. Ithaca looked back at Shirone.
"He's not using buffs that increase power. It's an excellent
educational decision."
'Destruction Demon 707.'
≪표 o " Meanwhile, Yahweh2 and the operator were engaged in a fierce
search battle.
"Lukia is…"
Lupist replied.
"Ugh! o o o o
유 Q "
Trigger (3) "I see."
유n o " -1"r. If he is right...
Omega 999 years (1) "What information is it? What if I accidentally
reveal it?"
-3 seconds, 2 seconds, 1……. "Ohhh!"
Kukukukuku!
0 = 0 = = = ! "Okay."
Final chapter (4)
0.888 seconds.
'I have to have children with Abella, and Smoto and I decided to
conquer all the women in the world.'
0.999 seconds.
'How...'
With a bizarre smile, Havitz quickly turned his body, baring his
teeth.
'What an interesting world!'
1 second.
"Ugh!"
With a thud, the sound of Law-Killer piercing was heard, and
everyone's movements stopped.
"Honey."
Abella turned her head to Havitz behind her.
"Why…?"
But her neck wouldn't turn, and the blood that had flowed back seeped
through her lips.
"Your Majesty."
She couldn't say anything.
Everyone who saw Law-Killer embedded in Abella's heart was
speechless.