Chapter 813:
Dark Clan (1)
The knights guarding Irene finally collapsed onto the cold floor, unable
to stand any longer.
"What's happening?"
Irene asked in disbelief, but even Chief of Security Benoff couldn't
comprehend the current situation.
'Eye technique? No, it's different.' The knights' faces showed clear
pain as if they had actually been hit.
"Don't worry. There's no physical shock."
If the Mind Fist had truly been activated, their bodies would have been
destroyed, not just fallen.
'I didn't expect them to be this weak.'
Rian clicked his tongue.
While it was true that crossing the desert had strengthened him, even
considering this, the knights' skills were below par.
"Alright."
Irene changed her mind.
"It seems you have some skill. I'll let you take on my guard duty.
From today, protect me 24/7."
Rian was right about not wanting to die.
'There was a warning letter, right?'
If the contents were true, it would be Rian who would feel uneasy if
Irene died.
"If you want my protection, apologize for your
rudeness."
He wasn't one to hold grudges, but she needed to change her attitude for
him to properly guard her.
"Apologize? What have I done wrong that I need to
apologize?"
Rian turned and walked towards the door as if he had no more to
say.
"Alright, alright! I get it!"
Her temper was terrible, but her ability to switch tactics was
practically cunning.
"I'm sorry, okay?"
"State clearly what you are sorry for." Irene was
disgusted.
"Can't you just be cool about it? This is why I hate old men. They
always linger."
"Should I linger more?"
Further entangling himself with her was unnecessary.
"I was... "
Irene turned her head as she spoke.
"Disrespectful. Do you really need to hear that?"
Rian thought it was a decent start and nodded, extending his
hand.
"Good. You said there was a warning letter? Show me."
As Irene pulled out the letter, Benoff approached Rian's side.
The next victim is you.
The letter, made from newspaper letters, made Rian frown.
"What is this? Looks like something the criminal would
write."
Benoff shook his head.
"That's unlikely. The serial killer has never sent a warning
before. Why would he expose himself now?"
"Then it could be a prank. Being a minister, you'd have many
enemies. Maybe a political move..."
Irene stood, hands on her hips.
"No. My dad doesn't have enemies because no one can rival him. And
that warning is probably true."
Rian passed the warning letter back and asked.
"Why do you think so?"
"Do you know what the victims have in common? They're all teenagers
to twenties, beautiful, wealthy. Above all, their skin is so good they don't need makeup."
"And what does that mean?"
Irene frustratingly pointed at herself.
"Me, me! I'm pretty! I'm rich! My skin is soft! If a killer had to
choose someone to kill, who else would there be?" It sounded like she was begging to be
killed.
"Irene has a point. One commonality among the victims is they wore
no makeup."
Rian stroked his chin in thought.
"Either a human extremely sensitive to smell..."
"Meaning a vampire. Certain chemicals in cosmetics might be their
weakness."
"It could also be a strategy to shift focus to vampires. If so,
it's meticulously planned."
"Right. The problem is there are still no witnesses. Without
narrowing down the investigation network, solving this becomes even harder."
"I understand."
The situation was somewhat clear now.
"Tonight is exactly the seventh day. I'll guard this place for
now."
Relief appeared in Irene's eyes.
"Uh, then I'll ask you. Since the letter might be fake, it's hard
to concentrate forces."
"Don't worry. I'm enough on my own."
If the Knight of Maha was guarding, the Bark family could rest easy for
a while.
Benoff said to Irene.
"Miss, please follow Rian's instructions. You won't find another
with his skills anywhere you go."
"We'll see about that," said Irene as Benoff left the mansion,
her true colors emerging.
"I'm going shopping now, so get ready. And please, ditch those
country clothes for a tuxedo... Eek!"
Irene had her colors, and so did Rian, who carried her up the stairs on
his shoulder.
"Talking about shopping. From now on, you're staying in your room
and not stepping out."
"Pervert! How dare you touch a woman's body without permission! I'm
telling my dad later!"
"Please do."
It was the first time someone had handled Irene so firmly, leaving the
butler speechless.
"What are you doing? Show her to her room."
"Yes!"
At Rian's gesture, the butler rushed up the stairs and led to a room at
the end of the corridor.
"Mommy!"
As Irene flopped onto the bed and then turned over, bending one leg and
smiling.
"Be honest. You feel great now, right? Getting a kick out of
handling a pretty girl like me?"
Rian looked back at the butler.
"Bring all the mirrors in the house here. And call the knights
scattered in the hall to come to me immediately."
"Yes, but why the mirrors..."
"For infiltration. Vampires can make themselves invisible to human
sight, but not in mirrors."
"Understood."
As the butlers brought thirty mirrors and removed any blind spots from
Irene's room, Rian rearranged the knights' positions.
'That should do it...'
He dusted off his hands and looked back at the bed to find Irene looking
back at him with a puzzled expression.
"Anything you want to say?"
"Can I call my friends?"
"No."
Irene sulked as Rian spoke soothingly in a low voice.
"Just endure it. It's a matter of life and death."
"I'm scared to be alone. If a murderer really is targeting me,
then..."
She was still just a kid, despite her bravado.
"That's why you should listen. If I'm here, you won't
die."
If she had died, it would have been over.
'He's not coming, is he?'
As the clock in the mansion's first floor struck midnight, Rian's eyes
narrowed.
'Just a prank, then?'
"Uh... Can I go to the bathroom?"
Irene squirmed, looking like she was about to burst.
"Follow me."
At the bathroom door, Irene checked again.
"You mustn't come close. Understand? Wait at the end of the
hallway."
"Go in. Aren't you in a hurry?"
As she scurried into the room, Rian leaned against the door
outside.
"..."
Unable to help it, a smirk broke out when he heard the sounds
inside.
'Are all kids like this nowadays?'
When he was young, the world didn't feel as heavy.
After a while, the sound of water running came.
"Phew, that was close."
The tension must have activated her digestive system too
vigorously.
'He couldn't have heard that, right?'
If he had, that would be the type of person to avoid while she
approached the sink.
'I'll stay a bit longer. It's a rare moment of freedom.'
As she washed her sweat-soaked face and turned to the mirror, a man was
standing there.
"Huh?"
Irene's eyes widened as she instinctively reached for the water
again.
'What, what?'
She hesitated to look at the mirror again but slowly turned her
head.
No one was there.
"Phew, so it is."
Just then, she remembered Rian's words and fearfully turned back to the
mirror.
A handsome man in a suit was smirking with red lips.
"Uh, uh..."
"Shh."
The man in the mirror put a finger to his lips.
'Save, save me!'
She wanted to scream with all her might, but her throat seemed blocked,
unable to breathe.
The silent man approached and placed his hands on her shoulders, his
cold breath touching her neck.
'He's going to bite. He's going to bite.'
She could clearly see the man's fangs in the mirror.
"Sir!"
As she screamed, the door was smashed open, and Rian burst in with his
great sword.
'Vampire.'
The bathroom was empty, but in the mirror, the man was turning
away.
As he positioned himself and slashed downward, dark smoke surged against
the wall, revealing his form.
"Sir! That thing keeps following me…"
"Get out."
His tone was different, so Irene quickly scrambled through the broken
door frame.
"Can't let him get away!"
As his lower body dissolved into dark smoke, he moved outside, and Rian
also leapt forward, swinging his sword.
"Annoying creature!"
Angered by missing his target, the vampire spun around Rian
rapidly.
'So fast.'
Among the demons he had faced, only those ranked as legion commanders
were this fast.
'But still.'
Rian's sword followed the shortest path.
'Just cut as soon as you detect it.' The sword flashed, and with a loud
bang, the vampire was split in two.
"Argh!"
However, the two halves dissolved back into smoke and converged in the
middle of the corridor.
'Half-dead, half-soul. Definitely tricky.' This indicated a high-ranking
vampire, even among his kind.
"… Almas?"
The vampire's eyes flickered.
"You knew then."
Pureblood vampires had a lineage.
"No. I'm a wandering swordsman."
The Injection Road of the True Devil, Road's Injection Almas, and
Almas's Injection Vesica are among them.
"But how do you know of the dark lineage?"
"One hears many stories living in the desert."
Raika, who was the Minister of Internal Affairs of the Spectrum, an
organization of the Ain race in Radum, was also of the Almas rank.
"Ha, mere humans..." The vampire moved, leaving an
afterimage.
"How dare you speak of killing!"
All the glass windows in the corridor shattered, and marks from blades
and claws were etched into the walls as if there was no cause.
"Over there! Catch the criminal!"
At the end of the corridor, the self-proclaimed Irene's personal guard
was ascending the stairs with long swords drawn.
"Don't come!"
As the saying goes, 'Ignorance is courage,' there was no fear since the
battle wasn't visible.
"Where are you? Come out!"
Captivated by pride, the knights swung their swords in the air, and
immediately three heads fell.
"Aaaaah!"
Now terrified, everyone turned their backs and made a poor decision to
return to Irene.
"Fools!"
Yet, should not a knight choose death over failing to protect their
employer?
"I've got you!"
A giant plume of smoke shot up before Irene's eyes, and the vampire's
face cascaded down like a waterfall.
'Divine Transcendence!'
With a bang, the wind exploded, and suddenly Rian, who had blocked
Irene's path, swung his sword horizontally.
'Mind Sword!'
The mind strikes first.
"Aaaargh!"
An infinite horizon split the vampire in two.
"Sir..."
For a moment, an illusion of the world splitting into upper and lower
halves shimmered before Irene's eyes.