Chapter 821:
Smile, Smile (1)
Clubhouse, Blood Night.
Kicking open the door, the smell of orgies and biting filled the air,
thick with the heat of the activities.
Most seemed to be bisexual.
"Horrible."
Inside a cage, bald men wearing makeup were dressed in leather straps,
putting on a show.
The hunters noted the red-colored drinks on the guests' tables.
"Blood."
Rian asked,
"How can you be sure?"
Xenia answered by swallowing her saliva.
"... I see."
"Welcome, hunters."
The club's host, Eblon, greeted them from the bar.
He was black, with half his head shaved, and two piercings on his lower
lip.
Katein approached him.
"You must be out of your mind. You know who we are, yet you hold
such a festival."
"What bothers you? Selling blood? Or that we drink it?"
"Obviously, it's you."
Fowler loaded his mega gun, pointing both barrels at her face.
"Pick one. I'll make it quick."
"Hey, hey! Don't get worked up."
Facing the gun barrels, Eblon turned around and prepared a cocktail for
Fowler.
"We're just nobodies oppressed by the purebloods. Honestly, it's
hard for us hybrids to even find blood. One wrong move and we're fugitives for life."
Rian asked,
"So where do you get the blood?"
"We buy it, of course. You can get it for 10 silver per liter in
the slums. It's junk food to a pureblood, though."
"We're looking for the purebloods' hideout. Provide information and
we'll leave peacefully."
"I heard the rumor that Nike came to this city."
Fowler aimed his mega gun again.
"Shut up and answer the question! If you don't want to find out
we're scarier than that brat."
Eblon raised his hands, sensing the seriousness.
"Calm down. What I mean is we're all risking our lives. You hunters
know better than anyone what it means to be caught by Nike."
"Are you proposing a deal?"
"No, it's kind of a game."
Eblon lowered his hands.
"We don't know where the purebloods' hideout is. You know how
information hierarchies work. But I can connect you with Umbrella Man."
"Umbrella Man?"
"He handles the menial tasks for the purebloods. Always carries an
umbrella, hence the name."
"How can we meet him?"
"It's up to you."
Eblon pointed at Rian.
"The body of a Knight of Maha."
As Fowler fired his mega gun, the silver bullets sent Eblon flying back
into the shelves.
Bottles crashed down, and he screamed in pain, revealing he
fangs.
"Kiieee!"
"Where's the play acting?"
The half-bloods in the club finally stopped their revelry and turned
towards the Genocide team.
"Krak! Krak!"
They lacked the dignity of purebloods, but their dark pupils and
blood-soaked fangs clearly marked them as mine.
"Stop it."
Eblon, clutching his wounds, spoke.
"We can't win."
It had been day time, but he was the protagonist who had made Nike flee
with a single strike.
Fowler climbed onto the shelf and aimed his mega gun.
"Speak clearly. Where's Umbrella Man?"
Not expecting easy truth from them, the team had left them alone.
"I don't know. I only heard rumors that they're looking for the
Knight of Mah. If you want what you desire..."
Fowler landed on both feet and swung the stock of his gun, turning
Eblon's jaw.
Blood sprayed in a straight line across the low shelf.
"Last time I'm asking. Where is he?"
"Eheh! Ehehe!"
Eblon shrugged his shoulders.
"You shouldn't take out your anger on a random guy after being
dumped."
"What's going on?"
Since Xenia became aware of Rian, Fowler had definitely been more
irritable.
"Don't make excuses, just hit her. He's a good target to vent on.
After all, humans are no different from us."
Katein opened a medicine box.
"Yeah, no difference."
As the specially prepared drug rose through the syringe, Eblon's face
paled.
The drug was frightening.
"So you think we're sane humans? I'm not fighting for humans, nor
because I am one. I just hate you guys."
"You, you..."
"Xenia, go outside."
Considering the dreadful procedures she had likely endured, Katein
showed consideration.
"No, I'll do it."
But Xenia reached out her hand instead.
"Are you sure?"
Eblon vomited blood and screamed.
"You vicious woman! You're a hybrid too! Are you going to torture
your own kind siding with humans?"
"If what you knew was in my head..."
Xenia held the syringe.
"I would've injected it into myself."
Feeling the chill, Eblon reached out his hand.
"Alright. I'll talk. I'll tell you everything..."
"No."
The syringe plunged into the collarbone.
"No."
As the drug seeped in, Eblon's eyes bulged out.
"Kyaaaaa!"
Screams crafted from pure pain embroidered the clubhouse.
After what seemed an eternity of 30 minutes, Eblon sprawled out in a
cross shape as the half-bloods looked on terrified.
"How's that? Thrilling, right?"
Katein pulled out a new syringe.
"Vampires are convenient. No need to worry about dying. This drug
is my specialty..."
"Please, no more."
Xenia stepped forward.
"Where's the purebloods' hideout?"
"I really don't know. I just heard it's some magnate's mansion. I
would've spoken the moment I was injected."
The pain was unbearable.
"And Umbrella Man?"
"He might be at the royal cemetery. The city's vampires were
ordered to send a letter if they find the Knight of Maha."
"So, did you send it?"
Eblon's trembling lips gave the answer.
"Damn it!"
Fowler kicked Eblon's face and shouted.
"Retreat! The pureblood is coming!" Suddenly, the front door
exploded as a man in a cloak and whip entered.
"Nike?"
To the half-bloods, he was more terrifying than a deity.
"Rian."
Nike called, but the terrified Eblon bowed.
"I endured! Please, have mercy..."
Before she could finish, the whip sliced through her face.
"Kyaaaaa!"
As the half-bloods panicked, Rian gripped his great sword and stepped
forward.
"I'll handle this. Go to the cemetery."
"But..."
"Go!"
In their presence, only corpses would accumulate.
"I'll repay the disgrace from that time."
Nike's eyes flashed as he swung his whip, slicing through half-bloods'
flesh.
Their only crime was obstructing the whip aimed at Rian.
"Yaaaa!"
Divine transcendence split the space as Nike spun rapidly.
'Escaped?'
Nike's body was almost a dark whirlwind.
"I break the rules just as you do."
The whip wrapped around the great sword, unraveling at a terrifying
speed, scraping the surface.
"Grrrr!"
What could be called Nike's 'Sword Killing' didn't destroy the
Idea.
'Strange.'
Rian's wrists twisted in the same direction, but Nike's expression was
off.
'Is it indestructible?'
He had thought it was just much harder than steel, so the outcome was
shocking.
With twisted wrists still holding the sword, Rian quickly regenerated
his posture.
'Strong.'
Nike remarked.
"You look surprised."
In the now silent club, after everyone but the dead had fled, Nike
dropped his whip.
"Of course, you would be. My physical capabilities are 28 times
that of an average Almas."
If Laika, a pureblood from the Rum species and a minister, was
ordinary.
'28 times...'
That meant something entirely different, far surpassing any biological
marker.
"Seems you use incarnate techniques."
Nike couldn't forget the strike Rian had made in the Colosseum.
"How far have you gone?"
To an outsider, an irrelevant question, but Rian understood what Nike
meant.
"What about you?"
"Can't tell."
No one had ever reached the end point.
"Those who die here will know."
Only at the moment of death would one understand the path of the
sword.
Although Nike was verbose in anger, his gaze had calmed down now.
'Now it's real.'
A world of swords where words are unnecessary.
As Nike's hands moved quickly, the whip disappeared, and the outer walls
of the clubhouse cracked.
The entire building flew away, but Rian, drawing on his inner rage,
didn't flinch.
'Yaksha!'
His entire body's muscles twisted, feeling like he could do anything
with the explosive energy.
"Grrrr!"
"Come."
In the heart of the city, beings who considered themselves the pinnacle
of life clashed head-on.
Xenia glanced back.
"Rian..."
As they left, a fearsome roar and a cloud of dust rose.
Fowler touched Xenia's shoulder.
"Don't worry. If it's just about ability, he's a monster. Us
looking back won't change anything."
Arriving at the royal cemetery, pureblood vampires were already
waiting.
"It's the vesica class."
Distinctly different from the half-bloods, the hunters touched their
weapons, heightening the tension.
No words were exchanged, and the vampires first dispersed into smoke,
surrounding them.
"Here we go!"
Fowler's mega gun sparked, starting the dispersal of the hunters in all
directions.
The mind strikes first.
"Yaaah!"
The sword should have cut through Nike.
Boom!
As the greatsword struck the ground, the law of the sword activated,
toppling buildings.
"Ugh!"
But once again, Nike evaded, and the mind strike hit Rian's heart
with a shock.
"A technique of the mind?"
As Nike spun above Rian's head, whips converged.
"How does it feel? Life isn't easy, is it?" Unable to avoid
it, the whips wrapped around Rian, stripping his flesh.
"Argh!"
With over 40% of his flesh gone, Rian's bones were exposed as he
knelt.
"Curious how far you've come?" Nike landed lightly,
twirling his whip.
"This is your limit."
"Ugh..."
Since fighting Ymir's fang, Rian had never experienced such frequent
mind strikes.
-Smiling, Smiling.
As the hallucination echoed, his severed parts began to
regenerate.
"You're like a vampire."
Nike looked down at him.
"A creature that can't die even when it wants to, stripped of
mercy."
-Smiling, Smiling.
'I can still... still fight.' As Rian gritted his teeth and glared
ahead, his regeneration suddenly stopped.
'What?'
Just as he thought it might really be the end, the hallucination
spoke.
-Smiling. The mind striking first doesn't mean it will always
cut.
The voice wasn't directed at Rian.
-The word 'always' is useless in this world. As I move, other things
move too.
For the first time, a woman's voice joined in.
-Then what is absolute? You always want something absolute, don't
you?
-My mind. Conviction. The mind that strikes first transforms into the
conviction to cut...
Rian's eyes widened.
-When that conviction becomes absolute, the movement of my sword
becomes separate from the world's movement.
The hallucination spoke.
-That is me, Ogent.