Chapter 826:
Anger (2)
The booming sound faded over the mountains, and soon the screams of
people were heard.
"Damn it!"
Ogent was the first to spring into action, followed by Smile.
When they arrived, both the River Clan and the Mountain Clan were
kneeling before an angel.
"You've arrived."
Surrounded by the first to third Mara, the angel turned
around.
Having seen angels flying in the sky from a distance, it was the
first time they faced one up close like this.
'What is this?'
Even the most powerful terrestrial, aquatic, and aerial monsters of
Purgatory combined couldn't measure up to the angels.
"Ogent! Run!"
Damian, who was kneeling, shouted.
"Save Smile...! Cough!"
As if mechanical, a bronze-bodied first Mara stomped on Damian with
its foot.
"Dad!"
Smile arrived late, and Ogent immediately drew his sword and blocked
her path.
"Stop, Smile. Stay behind me..."
Ogent stopped talking with a shocked expression.
'Already?'
Like an illusion, the angel's figure disappeared and then suddenly
appeared behind Smile, holding her shoulder.
"Hmm, quite impressive."
Ogent was scared.
It wasn't the fear of dying at the hands of the angel, but the fear
of the world, the inevitable rush of time.
'I want to run away.'
From everything.
"I am the Angel of Order, Irope." The voice came from
behind, but the angel had already returned to its original place with Smile.
"I came here to find a candidate for the Elixir of Life in
Purgatory."
"The Elixir of Life?"
Even the heretics knew what the Elixir of Life was through their own
means.
"So it's death?"
Irope frowned.
"It's to preserve the laws of Heaven. You too are beings of law.
Sacrifice your meager bodies and join in protecting the world."
The war between Heaven and Gaia hadn't ended yet.
The Elixir of Life had weakened the Ultima System, but Ymir was the
only giant to reach the tenth phase.
'At this rate, even the seventh phase is hard.'
To counter Gaia, more perfect materials were needed, and Anke Ra was
looking for someone with an unshakeable spirit.
"But why Smile?"
"Her aura fascinates me. But worry not. I will observe her
slowly from now on."
Irope's halo expanded as her judicial halo emitted a radiant spectrum
of colors.
Everyone was mesmerized, but Ogent alone gritted his teeth at her
unapproachable perfection.
"Oooh?"
The Maras turned to look at him.
"Do you sense the halo?"
Not only sensing but resisting it, Irope looked at him
curiously.
"Hmm."
Finding the candidate was the priority.
As the judicial halo activated, Smile was surrounded by a bluish
aura.
Fitting for the Archangel Cariel's direct subordinate, she could scan
every part of a being.
"What is this?"
After the scan, Irope was so shocked that she almost forgot Ogent's
presence, sensing his compatibility.
'98 percent match.'
In other words, if she entered the Elixir of Tales, there was a 48
percent chance she would reach the tenth phase.
"No need to look for another candidate."
Out of tens of thousands scanned in Purgatory, few ever exceeded 70
percent.
"This human comes with us." To their family, it was as good
as a death sentence, so Damian cried out with a pale face.
"Please save her! She's about to be married. I'll go
instead!"
"It's not for you to decide. Being a candidate for the noble art
is an honor."
"Ugh!"
Though Purgatory was free from Ankhela's control, the existence of
angels as divine beings was undeniable.
'Smile is being taken to Heaven?'
Ogent could only watch as people stood helplessly, with even Smile's
fiancé, Lead, shaking in fear.
"No."
Ogent moved.
"Who decides to take Smile..."
"It is God's command."
With that assertion, Irope gestured.
"Deal with it."
Already displeased with a human resisting the halo, the first Mara, a
bronze automaton with eight arms, lunged at Ogent.
It was a momentary situation, but everyone's heart sank.
Death.
Even the bronze automaton didn't doubt the lethality of the process,
but only Ogent remained composed.
'Slowly. Even more slowly.'
Feeling the angel's movements, which were far slower than his, Ogent
stepped forward.
The bronze automaton split in half, and smoke rose from its hollow
interior.
"Ugh!"
Though it hastily closed up, most of its fuel had leaked out, and its
knees buckled.
Caught off guard by the unexpected, everyone was shocked, but more
frightening was that someone had attacked a Mara.
Murder filled Irope's eyes.
"Incarnation."
Cutting the bronze automaton with a human-made sword was impossible
without divine transcendence.
"Smile must not be harmed. Please forgive her."
Unable to persuade Irope with words, as a human had cut a
Mara.
"Insolent humans!"
As Irope stretched out her hand, a loud bang pushed Ogent back to the
village entrance.
"Oooh!"
Scraping the ground, Ogent's footsteps were clearly marked, and
Irope's face turned cold.
"Block it?"
He had blocked an angel's attack.
An entity of a different dimension, the impact on the clan was
immense.
'Was he that powerful?'
One thing Damian couldn't understand was how, with such power, he had
remained patient.
If he had wished, he could have turned his back on the clan and ruled
the world at any time.
'He never swung his sword with such intention.'
Ogent was devastated.
'If I just keep swinging my sword nonstop...
Maybe one day happiness will find me.'
"Please."
Ogent shed tears.
"Forgive me. Just this once, save Smile. Please don't take her
away."
"Brother?"
Facing death, Smile looked at Ogent with pity.
'I can't win. It's impossible.'
Having fought an angel and realized this certainty.
"Take any punishment, but don't take Smile. Rather take
me..."
"Shut up."
Irope glanced at Smile.
"What's so special about this girl? You, as a human, have a good
future waiting."
By the standards of the angels, Ogent's swordsmanship was among the
upper echelons of Gaia.
"Smile is...
As Ogent opened his mouth, several people tensed up.
"She's my sister."
Better to hurt himself than to harm someone else.
"Really?"
As if knowing human psychology without looking, Irope scoffed.
"I've thought of a punishment for you." Irope ordered the
Maras positioned on both sides.
"Render him immobile."
It was beneath their dignity to subdue one human, but it was an
angel's command.
The bull-faced second Mara began a brutal beating by kicking
Ogent.
'Endure. Just endure this.'
A normal human would have been crushed, but the divine transcendence
was stronger than expected.
As his pride was hurt, the Mara's fury intensified, and the sound of
breaking bones filled the air.
'Yeah, beat me all you want. If you're satisfied after beating me
enough, maybe you'll release Smile out of pity.'
'I'm pathetic.'
Ogent thought so.
"Truly marvelous."
As Irope signaled, Ogent was forcibly lifted by a Mara's hand.
'Such level of incarnation.'
In terms of technique, he was a unique existence not just in Heaven
but also in Purgatory.
"But your vessel is truly small." He had no
convictions.
Without needing a scan, such nature was only good as fodder for the
Elixir of Life.
"Smile... Smile...
As Irope activated the judicial halo and reached out, Ogent looked on
with disdain.
"I will thoroughly unravel your narrowed heart. That is the
punishment I give you."
"Please forgive me..."
As Irope activated the judicial halo, Ogent's face turned
pale.
"No. Not that..."
As a bluish light flickered over Ogent's body, Smile
approached.
"Stop it."
"Child, do you also take angels lightly?"
"If you don't stop, I will take my own life."
The judicial halo quickly reverted to a halo of glory.
"Hmm."
Scanned information had already confirmed that Smile was indeed
capable of ending her own life.
"Do not touch anyone. Then I will willingly comply. That's the
only condition."
While it was displeasing to argue with a human, the history of
Archangel Cariel took precedence.
"Let's go back."
As the Mara released Ogent, he weakly lifted his head.
"Smile, no. If you go like that...
"It's okay, brother."
Kneeling on one knee, Smile caressed Ogent's battered cheek.
"It's better this way."
"What?"
Ogent couldn't think at all.
"Sorry. Be happy..."
Before Smile could finish her sentence, Irope's halo spun rapidly,
sending up a pillar of light.
"Smile."
As she vanished like an illusion before his eyes, Ogent blankly
looked up at the sky.
'Is it really a relief?'
Can dying be considered fortunate?
"Ah..."
Ogent finally realized.
"Sob, sob..."
Tears of blood streamed from his bloodshot eyes, feeling as though
everything in the world was crumbling.
'Knowing all along... how could...
Smile had accepted everything.
'Could you smile at me knowing that?'
An immense rage, unknown in origin, compressed in Ogent's belly was
unnoticed by anyone.
"Unfortunately, the marriage should be called off."
At the Mountain Clan's words, Damian could only close his mouth in
grief.
'It's a disaster. It's just one of those things.' If a person had
killed him, they would have killed that person, and if a beast had attacked, they would have torn the
mountain apart.
'He was called by an angel. There's nothing we can do.'
Among the mountain clan members who were quickly trying to leave,
Leard's muttering was heard.
"Damn, if I had known this would happen, I should have
just..."
No one else could hear it, but to Ogent, it sounded louder than
thunder.
"What did you say?"
As Ogent staggered to his feet, Damian stopped him.
"Don't get up. You need to rest."
He was literally in no condition to walk, and Leard scoffed at his
state.
"A piece of trash like you... Ugh!" Without even taking a
step, Ogent reached Leard and grabbed his head.
'Where is this strength coming from...'
All five of his fingers were broken, but the pain was enough to crush
his head.
"Aaah!"
As Leard couldn't endure the pain and screamed, the mountain clan
members drew their weapons and rushed in.
"Ogent! No!"
As Damian's words ended, Leard's head made a cracking sound and
shattered.