Chapter 845:
Participation (5)
Amon, buried under the rubble of a building, lifted a boulder the
size of a house and revealed himself.
"Hehehe."
The area hit by the photon cannon was deeply dented, with all the
surrounding bones protruding.
"Detestable Yahweh."
He lightly tossed the massive debris aside and spread his tattered
arms.
"Do you know who I am?" Amon's voice echoed grandly in the
silence.
"I am Hell."
From the 1st to the 10th.
The reason Satan's direct descendants are special is that they are
closer to a system than an individual entity.
They are known as Satan's Ten Great Disasters.
The demons call this disaster the Demon System, or Makai, and once
Makai is opened, the individual's consciousness completely disappears.
'Does it matter?'
They become a disaster.
"Blame your foolishness." As Makai opened, worm-like tentacles burst
through Amon's skin.
The sight of them multiplying at a terrifying speed and growing his
body made the demons flee in terror.
"Makai has opened!"
On the other hand, the humans, unaware of the impending disaster,
watched in a daze.
"W-what is that?"
Rumble! Rumble!
Amon's legs took root and expanded in all directions, penetrating the
ground.
Buildings toppled like dominoes, and the rate at which the roots
expanded was matched by the rapid growth of his main body.
Uorin's head tilted towards the sky.
"My God…"
A massive tree, large enough to dominate the capital of Kashan, was
growing, twisting its black trunk.
Holes opened along the trunk, and tens of thousands of mouths of
various shapes and sizes opened simultaneously.
"Hohohoho!"
The sound, unlike anything in the world, made Uorin's shoulders
tremble.
'That must be…'
Makai Tree Argantis.
In Teraje's memory, the descent of the Makai Tree into the world was
an event from a distant past.
An era when dragons and angels clashed.
The Makai Tree destroyed seven ancient nations and sought endless
expansion.
No one cared about humanity, which was still in its infancy.
Eventually, humans organized a world coalition and managed to repel
the disaster at the cost of one-third of humanity.
'It's different now. But…'
Watching Argantis pierce through the clouds made it seem like there
was no future left.
"Oh God."
Humans, having given up on fleeing, knelt one by one and began to
pray.
It was the only action they could take.
"Hohohoho!"
The sound emitted by the Makai Tree was truly horrifying, but Shirone
imagined something even worse.
'No creature can be this large.'
Because the energy of a planet is limited.
'Therefore…'
The Makai Tree, rooted in the capital of Kashan, sucked up the energy
of the earth.
"Oh God, please save me… Ugh!" At the same time, humans dried up and
fell to the ground like mummies.
The foundations of buildings turned to sand, and the sound of
collapsing structures echoed from all directions.
The death toll was approximately 20,000.
Even more horrifying was the fact that the Makai Tree, having
absorbed nutrients, was growing even larger.
"Damn it!"
Shirone spread his wings of light and charged. He couldn't be sure of
the situation at the Ivory Tower, but it was clear that the Grand Star was not in normal
condition.
'Angel's Punishment!'
He maximized the incarnation of the Archangel, but it was still less
than one-hundredth the size of the Makai Tree.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Spears of light rained down incessantly.
'It doesn't even budge!'
The base of the Makai Tree, with a diameter of 20 kilometers,
appeared as nothing more than a wall to Shirone.
"Hohohoho!"
The second absorption.
Tens of thousands of humans turned into mummies again, and the entire
ground of the capital of Kashan sank.
Whoosh!
A city-sized dust cloud rose, blocking Shirone's view.
'If this continues, the world is doomed.' Makai Tree Argantis.
It was the system corresponding to drought among Satan's Ten Great
Disasters.
'I have to defeat it before it's too late!'
If it were a matter of technical difficulty, it could be overcome
with learning, but in this case, it was meaningless.
"Kill Yahweh!"
Voices of demons came from within the dust.
As Shirone flapped his wings and retreated, the cloud cleared,
revealing swarms of flying demons.
'Ataraxia!'
The information of amplification, accumulated in an instant, unfolded
before Shirone's eyes in a massive circle.
Just before the demons filling his vision threw their spears, a
photon cannon passed through Ataraxia.
"Kiaaa…"
The beam, fired with a roar, swept away the demons and struck the
trunk of Argantis.
"Argh!"
The beam, amplified to its maximum output, moved horizontally,
scraping the trunk of the Makai Tree.
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
'This isn't enough! Stronger, stronger!'
As the explosion from Argantis shook the heavens and the earth,
people cowered and covered their heads.
"Ugh! Ugh!"
It already felt like they were in hell.
When the beam of the photon cannon had traveled approximately 10
kilometers, the energy of amplification dissipated.
"Hah! Hah!"
The tree, with grooves carved by the shockwave of the beam, began to
tilt sideways under its weight.
"It's falling!"
As the top tilted 15 degrees, black branches spewed from the mouths
on the trunk.
"Grrraaah!"
Hundreds of thousands of black branches extended from the falling
direction, supporting the weight.
Though it was fast, to Shirone's eyes, it appeared slow, making it
even more repulsive.
"Hohohoho!"
In a posture as if it were propping itself up with one hand, Argantis
rooted itself again and absorbed more nutrients.
The ground sank further, causing the imperial city of Aganos to shake
precariously.
"Your Majesty! We must go now!"
As Uorin, led by the Wind Guard, flew into the sky, she shuddered at
the sight below.
The entire city was drying up.
"Ugh!"
In the empty Great Holy War, the Grand Star knelt and hugged herself
with both arms.
Every time the planet's nutrients were sucked up, it felt like dozens
of syringes were simultaneously drawing her blood.
'I can't let this continue. I have to stop it.'
As the incarnation of Gaia, she had the ability to block the energy
circulation of the planet.
But stopping the engine of a massive planet was a last resort.
It would take time to restart the circulation, and in the meantime,
many places would rot.
'Destroying is easy, but restoring is hard. I can still hold on. I
can still…'
The Grand Star's shoulders twitched.
"Argh!"
The planet's energy was sucked out with twice the force as
before.
"Hurry, hurry…"
With a haggard face, the Grand Star checked the ground and saw the
four Great Stars rapidly approaching.
As Freed's strike cut down the demons, the capital of Kashan came
into view.
No, could it even be called a human city?
"Damn it! Is that the commander?"
Civilization had disappeared, leaving only a massive, black tree
standing crookedly.
Flying beside the running Freed, Minerva spoke.
"No, that's a phenomenon. A disaster. It's the demon system you said
didn't matter, Freed."
Freed gritted his teeth.
"…I get it, so stop nagging."
Amanta, sitting cross-legged on the rotating World Wheel,
spoke.
"With no Buddha, such things run rampant. Anyway, what will we do?
It's a bit much to handle with force."
Indeed, without Nane's Sermon, it seemed there was no easy way to
resolve this.
"What else can we do? Let's try. First, we'll join Shirone and then
figure out a plan."
"There is a way." Xing, trailing dozens of afterimages, approached
while standing still.
"With my law, I can temporarily suppress the growth of the Makai
Tree. Then we seal the capital and blow it up."
"Blow up the city? Where will we get the firepower?"
Amanta agreed.
"The World Wheel. Sacrificing the city's population should provide
enough firepower."
"Shirone won't allow it," Freed said.
"If the Makai Tree grows any larger, it will be a bigger problem. We
have to accept some sacrifices. They're all dying anyway."
"It's not a matter of numbers."
As the Great Stars fell silent, Xing spoke.
"I'll try to persuade Shirone. If he doesn't agree, we'll have to
fight individually."
Finally, as they passed through the city, a hell unlike anything seen
from afar unfolded.
"Graaah!"
People were drying up by the second, and the buildings and sky were
filled with demons.
"Shirone!"
Minerva increased the thrust of her jet and flew into the sky.
"Minerva!"
Shirone, who had been fighting alone, turned to her with a weary
face.
"How is it?"
"No matter how much I attack, it's useless. It absorbs nutrients and
recovers from the impact."
Minerva glanced at Xing and spoke.
"There is a way. Go down for a moment with Xing…"
"I know what you're thinking."
Shirone, without taking his eyes off Argantis, spoke.
"But that won't stop it. No, we can't win against the demons that
way."
"This isn't the time to argue."
"Listen."
At Shirone's words, Minerva quietly listened.
From the countless mouths on Argantis, whispering voices leaked
out.
"I want to eat. I want to eat more."
"I will eat it. I will grow bigger. I won't give it to anyone. Only
me, only me, only me!"
Minerva swallowed hard at the countless voices hidden within the
screams.
"They are demons created by humans. If we use the World Wheel to
destroy the city, that monster will surely disappear, but…"
The resentment of the humans sacrificed here will become demons
again, bringing an even greater disaster.
"I agree with that."
Xing had approached unnoticed.
"But if we don't stop it now, we'll face even greater sacrifices.
This is the best choice."
Shirone bit his lip.
"There is a way to destroy the city without sacrificing
humans."
Shirone turned to Xing.
"How long can you hold it?"
"At its current size… about five minutes?"
Freed shouted as he cut down the massive roots protruding from the
ground.
"Whatever it is, do it quickly! It's still growing!"
There was no time for further thought.
"Leave it to me. I'll handle it."
As Shirone and Minerva descended to the ground, Xing looked at
Argantis.
"…An illusion."
She raised her hand slowly, taking in the Makai Tree, which had
turned the size of imagination into reality.
"I forbid the demon. I forbid devouring, I forbid digestion. I forbid
activity, I forbid freedom."
Xing's law began to suppress the law of Argantis.
"Hohohoho!"
Crack. Crack.
As the nutrients were suddenly cut off, the massive branches twisted
grotesquely as if their bones were breaking.
"Therefore…"
Xing extended the bracelet on her wrist.
"I forbid everything about you."
Law, enforced.
"Graaah!" The simultaneous roar from the mouths of the Makai Tree
caused many to lose consciousness.
"Grrr."
The law was a kind of seesaw game.
As Argantis writhed in agony, wrinkles formed on Xing's face.
While fighting the demons, Minerva assessed the situation.
'Anyway, we've bought some time. But how on earth will we deal with
that monster…'
Her eyes widened as she looked at Shirone.
'Ataraxia!'
Shirone, with a massive magic circle above his head, was frowning as
he calculated something.
"Could it be…?"
Shirone's eyes flashed open.
'Here!'
A massive red beam shot up at the speed of light, piercing the sky
and extending into space.
As mass condensed at high altitude, a gray spear with a mass of 10
tons began to form.
"Shining Spear!"
Gaold called it the punishment of the gods.