Chapter 848:
At the Edge (3)
The Holy War's army, Valkyrie with 700,000 troops, established a
defensive line along the borders of Jiave, Molton, and Bornai.
These three kingdoms were the gateways of the central continent, and
if even one were breached, the army of Hell would continue southward, eventually seizing control of the
entire largest continent on the planet.
'Including the forces drafted from each nation, it's still only 2
million. That's nothing compared to Hell's army.'
Assigned to Valkyrie's 2nd Corps, Amy was now preparing to face the
enemies along the border of the Kingdom of Molton.
'Can we hold them back?'
Intelligence reports indicated that Hell's main force of 10 million
was headed towards the capital of Kashan.
However, the remaining 40 million spread out in a fan shape,
relentlessly moving southward, expected to reach the border within 48 hours.
Under the moonlight, Amy gazed at the shimmering horizon of the
desert.
It was strange for her to think of Shirone now, on the eve of what
could be the Holy War's worst battle.
'Is he doing well?'
She had undergone grueling training at the Valkyrie Military Academy
to become the commander of a magic unit.
The great cause of serving the world faded in the agony of what
seemed like deadly training.
Yet, what kept her going was the desire to become stronger and meet
Shirone.
'You must be beyond that horizon.' Even now, if she could break
through the advancing army of 40 million, she might find Shirone.
"You seem deep in thought."
Turning towards the voice, Amy saw Commander Luda Garcia of the 2nd
Corps approaching with his hands clasped behind his back.
"Loyalty!"
Amy hastily saluted, but Garcia did not reciprocate and instead
looked towards the horizon.
Knowing what that meant, Amy lowered her hand and spoke
softly.
"Master."
The world's greatest fire mage.
He had taken Amy as his disciple to repay a debt owed to Shirone from
their time in North Aymond.
'It's a miracle we've made it this far.' But now, Garcia looked at
Amy differently than he had at the beginning.
Due to the opposition from the cadets, Garcia had made it possible
for anyone who wished to receive personal training from him.
After six months, Amy was the only one who remained by his
side.
'If I can just survive this hell, I thought going mad wouldn't
matter.'
Amy had parents, siblings, a lover, and friends, but Garcia was the
one who had truly seen her depths.
He had seen all of her.
There was no room for rationality in her primal, animalistic
rawness.
'She's strong.'
He remembered when Amy, unable to control the flames, had collapsed
into a muddy field, her body smoking.
Her training uniform had instantly burned away, and she writhed like
a worm with her hands stuck between her legs.
Garcia had considered giving up on her.
"Still have any shame left? If you have the energy for that,
think about recovering. If you lose consciousness here, you die."
"Huh. Huhuh."
As Garcia approached, Amy instinctively writhed and moved
away.
"There's nowhere to run. One more step. If you can't control the
flames this time, your life will burn away."
"No! Uhhuh!"
Emitting high-temperature flames, Garcia listened to Amy's
sobbing.
'Shirone, am I doing the right thing?'
The fact learned during the interview was that Amy, too, wanted to
become stronger to meet Shirone.
'I don't quite understand. But one thing's clear, in this state, you
will never meet him.' Only a tiny fraction of people in the world could endure this earthly hell on
their own.
'I should save this child for your sake, but...'
Now, Amy was special to him, too.
He had subjected her to extreme training he himself had thought
impossible for nearly a year.
'Just one more time. If we can get past one more time...'
He had come to think that killing her might be the only
option.
"I'm sorry. Die."
As his hand glowing with flames aimed forward, Amy spoke through her
sobs.
"Shirone. Shirone..."
Garcia did not throw the flames, a final act of mercy because he
truly intended to kill.
"Do you want to meet him? If you're dreaming of one last reunion
before you die, I'll stop here."
If she had already broken, it would only be a murder.
"I will meet Shirone."
Amy staggered to her feet.
"I will meet him."
The flames in her bloodshot eyes blazed fiercely, instantly
evaporating the tears that had formed.
Watching her, Garcia reached out his hand.
"Hellfire."
A massive fireball exploded on the training field and quickly
dissipated.
Garcia looked back at Amy.
When she had first joined the academy, she had been a mere child, but
now she had transformed into a woman.
'I understand why the barracks are in upheaval.'
Her innate beauty was one thing, but the solemn air she had gained
from surviving hellish training piqued the curiosity of the men.
"You're quite popular, aren't you?"
Amy laughed heartily.
"Ha! Well, it's the military, after all. Even a skirt makes you
popular here."
Garcia chuckled.
"Yeah, you've got your work cut out for you."
Her not being very high-ranking was probably one reason the
subordinates felt they could approach her so freely.
'Who knows how many will die in this war. Depending on the merits,
ranks will soar vertically.'
Of course, that was assuming they could hold back Hell's army.
"But what brings you here, Master...?"
"I thought you might be here. Were you longing for someone beyond the
horizon?"
Amy blushed.
"Ah, that..."
"You might see them if we win this war."
Her eyes sparkled.
"Take pride. Think about everything you've achieved, no matter
the situation."
Given the significant gap in the command chain, perhaps this was the
last time Garcia would see Amy.
"Yes. We will win."
Garcia stroked her head with affectionate eyes, and Amy smiled
back.
"Ah, and though it will be announced tomorrow, new military
equipment will be introduced to your unit. Try it out; it's a trial run."
"New military equipment?"
"The Holy War switched contractors. It's a new company, mainly
supplying magical armaments."
Amy's brow furrowed.
"But changing equipment right before a war is..."
"It's unusual. But it's said to perform well. Make sure to
inform your subordinates."
While performance was key, most such decisions were entangled with
politics and business.
"Which new company is it?"
"Neid Arms. Now that I think about it, your homeland is Thormia,
right? It seems to be a company from there."
"Neid? Neid Arms?"
"Why, do you know them?"
"Ah, that... Maybe it's someone I know."
"Being a mage, that could be. I heard the CEO is quite young,
probably around your age."
Amy couldn't shake the thought that the Neid she knew was
involved.
'That guy making war weapons?'
It seemed unlikely given his personality, but considering the special
circumstances of the war with the demons, it made sense.
Moreover, if the performance was proven, it could grow faster than
any other business.
'He's definitely a smart one.'
It wasn't just about money.
With Iruki actively involved in the Holy War's military department,
he was also fighting hard.
'To meet Shirone.'
She wasn't fighting alone.
Garcia turned away, satisfied with Amy's smiling face.
"Survive, Amy."
"Yes." And you too, Master.
In the Valkyrie 2nd Corps' magical unit, a pledge with grand words
was passed among the soldiers.
It was the commander's directive to write down their wishes before
the war to boost their will to survive.
The intent was good, but for the rank-and-file, it was just a tiring
event they would rather have spent napping.
"Damn! About to die and they're talking about wishes? Might as
well write a will."
"If they say so. They say units that write good pledges will get
to participate in special comfort performances."
"Bullshit. Would hot girls really come to a battlefield?
Besides, it doesn't matter who comes. My commander is the best."
The magicians of Amy's direct unit, the 2nd Company, all silently
agreed.
"Ha, yeah. If there's one thing I'd want to do before I die,
it's just one thing."
Corporal Berik scribbled something on the pledge.
"Spend a night in a tent with our commander and..."
A peer reading over Berik's shoulder widened his eyes in
shock.
"Are you crazy! You'd get thrown in the stockade if the officers
read that!"
"Just write and throw it away. Damn! If we can't even write
this, what good is a pledge?"
"Really?..."
Amid the tension of impending war, the company burst into noise over
Berik's single pledge.
"Ha! Should we publish this? Sergeant, you gotta read what Berik
wrote."
The pledge circulated and eventually returned to Berik, just as the
tent flaps opened.
"Company, attention!"
Instinctively straightening up, the soldiers' faces turned pale as
they saw Amy.
"Damn, we're screwed."
Amy looked around at her troops.
"Why the fun? Something good happening?"
The squad leader hastily shouted.
"Nothing!"
"What do you mean, nothing? I thought you were writing pledges.
What kind of wishes are these?"
Amy glanced at the pledges laid out before the soldiers as she
stepped inside.
Only Berik hurriedly crumpled his pledge and tossed it behind him,
sweating coldly.
"Let me see."
"It's nothing."
As Berik vigorously shook his head, it only spurred more
curiosity.
Amy chuckled.
"Are you discriminating because I'm a female commander? That's a
bit hurtful." She guessed the nature of men's jokes.
"No, not at all! Please believe me, Commander!"
"Alright. I'll read it, considering it's just a joke. Give it
here."
With no choice but to obey the commander's order, Berik handed over
the crumpled pledge.
His hands trembled like those of a seasoned warrior.
"Hmm, let's see. Wishes and whatever with the
commander..."
As Amy read down the pledge, her face gradually heated up.
As the soldiers, wary of their superior's reaction, turned away in
terror,
"Hoo."
Amy sighed deeply and looked sideways at Berik with narrowed
eyes.
Berik's shoulders trembled.
"Just kill me! I'm so embarrassed I could die!"
Court-martial? Maybe even worse punishment for insulting a superior
and adding sexual harassment.
"Well, imagination is free."
As Amy rolled up the pledge and handed it back, Berik looked at her
with a moved expression.
"Commander..."
"It's because it's a joke I'm letting it slide. Corporal, try to
write something realistic next time."
Relieved, the soldiers burst into laughter.
"Sorry, hehe."
As Amy reached to take the pledge, she raised her arm.
"And..."
The rolled paper struck Berik on the head.
"Choose your words properly! Am I a fruit? Huh? Am
I?"
"Ah! Sorry! Ah!"
As the soldiers collapsed in laughter, even the platoon leader who
had been nervously waiting chuckled.
That meant it was over.
"Alright, everyone, attention."
The atmosphere instantly became solemn.
"Orders have come from above. Starting tomorrow, new supplies
will be provided to our unit. The types of supplies are...
There was no room for jest among them.