Chapter 849:
At the Edge (4)
Past midnight.
"Sigh."
After passing down the high command's orders to each company, Amy
headed to the bathhouse late at night.
Her body was weary, but perhaps this was the last day she could
comfortably bathe.
"It's cold."
As she undressed, a chill raised goosebumps on her skin.
Unable to bear the silence of the empty bathroom, she quickly turned
on the tap.
'The enemy numbers 40 million.'
No matter how long the border line was, the number her unit would
face was more than ten times that of their own.
'It's arithmetically impossible to hold them off. Is there a special
strategy, or...'
Is it the last stand of those driven to the edge?
'This could be my end.'
Feeling the warmth of the water flowing down her head, Amy closed her
eyes.
The sound of the door opening was heard.
"Amy?"
It was Tess, the cavalry sergeant, entering with a bath basket at her
waist.
"Tess, haven't you gone to bed yet?"
"I'm on duty tonight. What about you?"
"Just... can't sleep."
Tess had been Amy's best friend since their academy days and could
understand her feelings.
'More than death, it's the fear of never being able to meet him
again.'
She wanted to meet Rian.
As Tess turned on the faucet next to Amy, she said while
bathing,
"We'll survive, definitely."
"Right."
Tess turned her head to Amy's reddened eyes and slowly surveyed her
naked body.
"You've almost recovered."
During her training with Garcia, there seemed no end to her burn
scars.
Fortunately, now there was only a small scab left on her shoulder,
and even that would fall off soon.
"It's all thanks to the master. Though the training was tough,
he made sure I received top-level care for recovery."
"Speaking of which, your skin is really white, huh? Maybe I
should try this too?" It was obviously a joke.
Only those who underwent the burns and recovery knew the pain of skin
peeling off.
"Hmm, is that so?"
Tess looked at Amy's sleek body with half-lidded eyes through the
steam.
Feeling a creepy vibe, Amy defensively turned away as Tess laughed
sinisterly.
"Don't. That's an order."
"Ha, trying to pull rank on me now? Well, then I have no choice
but to use that method." Amy quickly rinsed off the soap and grabbed her bath basket, rushing
towards the exit.
"I'll head out first!"
Tess chuckled and relaxed her posture as she watched Amy's retreating
figure.
"So naive..."
Her heart raced, and her stomach churned.
'The tension won't go away.'
After standing under the water for a while, Tess punched the wall
with her fist.
'I'm going to die.'
It was almost certain to be a battle to the death.
'Doesn't matter. If I can kill even one more enemy, that's
enough.'
From the time her father was victimized by demons, she had resolved
to die on the battlefield.
'At least one must survive.'
Amy.
'Rian, you would understand, wouldn't you?' No response was
needed.
The capital of Kashan was beyond recovery.
Temporary shelters were being set up around the districts as the
Great Five Stars came looking for Shirone.
"We're going back to the Ivory Tower," Minerva said.
"Since Hell's army is moving south, it should be safe here for a
while. I'm also worried about the Grand Star."
Shirone nodded without complaint, having experienced the power of
Argantis.
"Yes. I'll wrap things up and follow."
Freed turned to look at Rian.
'The knight of Maha.'
The realm of defection.
Rumored to handle the extremes of divine transcendence, his
swordsmanship surpassed Freed's.
"Bring that swordsman back with you when you return. Grand Star would
like to meet him."
As Shirone turned around, Rian immediately responded.
"I'll go wherever Shirone goes."
That response alone made the Great Five feel pressured by the Ivory
Tower.
"He's an interesting guy."
Freed turned away with a twisted smile, and the rest followed him out
of Kashan.
"What now, Shirone?"
"There's someone I need to meet." Shirone smiled and turned towards
Aganos when suddenly, a dark shadow fell from the sky.
It was Yula, the leader of the Wind Guards.
"Lord Shirone, the Empress summons you." Ignoring the change in
title, Shirone nodded and followed her.
They arrived at a facility underground in the Imperial City where
Argantis's roots had torn through, creating a massive tunnel.
"You've dealt with a tremendous monster."
"It's just the beginning."
Yula bowed her head in front of a rusty iron door.
"Please, go inside." The grating sound of the door opening preceded
their entry into a shabby room where Uorin was waiting.
"Welcome, Shirone."
Unexpectedly, her expression was bright.
In the corner, Kido sat on a makeshift bed, bandaged around his
stomach.
"Long time no see."
"Kido?"
Shirone was surprised to find him with Uorin, having not anticipated
this.
"What happened?"
"It's a long story. Anyway, it seems I've ended up in the same boat
as this lady."
Uorin, instead of explaining about Kido, first offered him a
seat.
"Sit down. I called you because there's something we need to talk
about." Shirone sat on the sofa opposite, while Rian stood behind him.
'Two defectors.'
No matter how strong a human might be, it's natural to be governed by
societal systems.
But the current two could potentially take on a whole nation.
"Sorry for the mess. I couldn't help it, given the
circumstances."
"It's good that you're alive."
Uorin stuck out her tongue.
"There was a bit of an embarrassing incident."
Her kneeling before Havitz was merely that insignificant to
Uorin.
"I did it all for you, Shirone. How much of a loss would it be if a
pretty woman like me died? And you, Shirone, should at least once embrace the empress of an
empire."
Shirone changed the subject.
"How's Gando?"
"He hasn't woken up yet. It's pathetic. They say his life isn't in
danger, but I can't be sure."
That was somewhat reassuring.
"Don't worry. He's strong. And you're safe too. Now we need to
rebuild Kashan."
Uorin smirked.
"Living to see the day I receive sympathy from you."
"No, I mean…"
"I know. But I am Kashan. Plus, the Holy War is still going on. And
I've always liked these kinds of difficult problems. The greater the challenge..."
Uorin crossed her legs and smiled.
"The greater the pleasure of conquering it." Her sheer audacity was
infuriating, but it was a hundred times better than seeing her disheartened.
"But I'm quitting as the empress of Kashan."
Shirone's eyes widened.
"You're quitting?"
"There's no merit to it anymore. Honestly, I knew when the Law Killer
project failed, that the era Terraje could control was over."
Uorin shrugged.
"Nane. Miro. Shirone. Gaold. Ah, now Rian too. Individuals who have
reached the pinnacle with their own philosophies. But in my opinion, the strongest human currently is
Havitz."
It was a profoundly wicked era.
"The notion that good triumphs over evil only exists in embellished
histories. People love stories of heroes. Heroes who overcome manageable frustrations, manageable
adversities to claim victory. There's no truth in them. In reality, no one actually wants to know the
truth."
The oldest of humanity, Terraje, had packaged the history of the
empress in such a way.
"But that's no longer feasible. There's no way to package this mad
world anymore. All that's left for us is not history, but a horrific truth."
Uorin pointed at Shirone.
"Shall I tell you the truth I see?"
Shirone quietly waited for her to continue.
"It's over, Shirone. Whether good or evil prevails, no more beautiful
stories of heroes will be written. What remains are each person's despair and regret, anger,
and…"
Uorin's eyes shone as she spoke.
"Pain."
"Aaaargh!"
Deep in the southern continent's mountains, Gaold's screams echoed
tragically.
"Ah! Aaaah!"
It had been two days already.
Though no battle had been fought, just being alive was now a
tremendous pain.
"Uncle! Are you okay?"
Kangnan grimaced as she shook him, but Gaold's face only contorted
further.
"It hurts. It hurts…"
The voice seeped out from his unconscious state.
His head was white with terror, his eyes completely rolled back,
foaming at the mouth, convulsing.
Kangnan had seen this horrific scene dozens of times in the
south.
"Aaaargh!"
As the pain surged beyond limits, Gaold crawled on the ground on his
belly.
His ten fingers clawed the ground frantically, but no one could bear
his pain for him.
"Die…"
Tears streamed down Kangnan's cheeks.
"Just die! What's the use of living like this!"
She resented Miro.
"Let's go to Zion now! Kill them all! Just do whatever you want and
end it!"
"Miro. Miro…"
Was that all he could say, that he was in pain?
"You stupid child!"
Kangnan climbed onto Gaold's chest and choked him with both
hands.
"You're being used! How could she possibly know how much you're
suffering? Does she even care a fraction of it?"
"Uuuugh…"
She couldn't bring himself to break his neck.
"Just end it."
Kangnan loosened her grip and hugged Gaold's face, crying.
"Just die. Die with me." Gaold's breathing gradually stabilized, but
he did not regain consciousness.
"Please, please…"
Kangnan crouched down, trembling, while Zulu watched
indifferently.
"Pain."
Shirone nodded to Uorin's words.
"Right. Behind the beautifully packaged history of humanity lies the
pain people don't want to face. I'm giving up Kashan because I don't want to ignore it anymore. More
precisely, because I love you."
"Uorin, I…"
"Listen to the end. I'm not asking you to hold me right now."
Shirone fell silent.
"From now on, I will not be the empress of Kashan, but just one
woman. It doesn't change anything. Eventually, you'll accept me."
"How can you be so sure?"
Knowing the extent of Terraje's influence, Shirone couldn't dismiss
it lightly.
"Because you can never surpass Nane."
"Sprouted."
Behind Nane, who looked down at the green sprout, Shura approached
with a towel on her head.
"Yes, it has sprouted."
Nane was silent for a long time.
"What are you thinking?"
"It's beautiful."
Had the monster of the Ten Lords also become a wife by lying beside
Nane?
Shura smiled with her eyes.
"What kind of flower will bloom? Or will it be grass?"
"It's not the beauty of the flower. It's the fact that I planted
something here. That's the heart."
Shura listened attentively.
"The pain of Gaold, the philanthropy of Shirone, this world, it all
sprouted from one heart."
It starts with planting a heart.
"Why?"
Golden energy flickered behind Nane.
"If it hadn't been planted from the start, it wouldn't exist."
As Nane scooped the earth to uproot the sprout, Shura stepped back
dozens of meters.
"Buddha…"
Was it reawakening?
"Clinging, delusion, seeking happiness in illusions that don't
exist!"
As Nane pressed down on the sprout.
'It disappeared.'
The energy of Buddha vanished.
"Yet it's so beautiful because…"
Nane slowly removed her hands, and the sprout remained
unharmed.
"Because I planted it."
Hhe placed the sprout back in its spot and gently covered it with
earth, Nane said.
"This is the last issue of this world, Shura."
Nearly there.
"The only thing I have to overcome." Shura fell on her buttocks,
relieved.