Chapter 852:
Acceleration (3)
Jincheon Empire, East Sea.
Seongeum arrived in the airspace above the near sea, where a white sandy
beach was visible, having distorted space.
"Charge! Keep charging! Do not retreat!" On the sunlit white
sandy beach, the armies of Jincheon and Hell were engaged in battle.
Their noises intermingled, piercing the eardrums like white noise, while
Shirone looked back at the sea.
Monstrous creatures the size of ships were visible in the
distance.
On the beach, monsters with tentacles were striking down soldiers from
several meters high.
"It's serious."
Viewed from the sky, it was evident that the coastline would soon be
occupied. The only reason Jincheon had been able to resist until now was an overwhelming onslaught of
forces, comparable even to the army of Hell.
"There are humans there!"
Demons with spear-like beaks were flapping their wings and swooping down
towards Seongeum.
"Ether wave!"
As Seongeum refracted space, the scenery twisted complicatedly, causing
the demons' beaks to pierce through their comrades.
"Screaaa!"
Hundreds of demons plunged into the sea as Seongeum watched, then turned
to look at Shirone.
"The armies of Hell are also advancing from the land side, having
taken over the seven eastern kingdoms. If we cannot find a way in this sea, Jincheon will
fall."
For Shirone, Jincheon held the same value as any other country, but
strategically, it was more significant.
"I will fight now. Let's go to the beach." As Rian grabbed the
handle of his great sword to prepare for battle, Seongeum shook her head.
"No, that's not what I'm asking. You have a different role to
play."
Seongeum's eyes wavered as she observed the soldiers' deaths.
But soon, she cast an ether wave with a determined expression.
The scenery crumpled like a rug being folded, and quickly, the grand
vista of Emperor Hwang's court rushed in.
Forests and buildings flowed like rapids, and as they penetrated thick
walls, the grand hall where officials were gathered appeared.
"We can't retreat! If we don't recover the coast quickly, they will
push into the capital!"
The military was split into two, debating.
"Should we continue this unfavorable fight? There's a limit even to
a war of attrition! At this rate, we'll be annihilated!"
The noise was as chaotic as the battlefield.
"This way."
Seongeum led Shirone and Rian towards the throne.
"Your Majesty!"
Emperor Jinkang merely shifted his gaze towards them while listening to
his military's advice.
"Have you arrived?"
Despite the empire rushing towards disaster, there was no hint of
anxiety in the emperor's eyes.
"Indeed. A different kind of emperor from Woolin."
Shirone found it easier to deal with him than a frightened figure and
followed the etiquette of Jincheon despite being from the Ivory Tower.
"It's an honor to meet you."
"No need to be so modest. We are the ones in need of
help."
Shirone unfolded his arms and spoke.
"It's a difficult time for any nation. You must be
heartbroken."
"What heartbreak?"
Jinkang smirked.
"If it falls, it falls."
The grand hall suddenly fell silent.
Jincheon's inspector prostrated himself fully, extending his arms
long.
"Your Majesty, Jincheon will not fall. We are devising the best
strategies, and soon the tide will turn."
"The best is but an illusion," Jinkang stood up, causing all
his vassals to adjust their posture and kneel.
"Do only as much as you can. That is the strongest point. Trying to
pull in what does not exist in reality makes us weak. I always say...
A deep sentiment emanated from Jinkang's eyes.
"Simplicity wins over complexity."
The military was left in thought.
"If we've done all we can, let's clash. Something will come out of
it. Even if we fall, don't shiver in fear from the start."
"We shall obey your solemn command," the military bowed as
Jinkang walked back, coming closer to Shirone.
"It seems you have something you want to say?" Shirone shook
his head.
"No, Your Majesty. I fully agree with your view. Facing reality is
more efficient."
"Is that so?"
Jinkang gave a bittersweet smile.
Even to the magician of the Ivory Tower, the state of Jincheon was
seriously dire.
"I guess I have no choice but to place my hopes on
you."
"I will head to the East Sea. Defeating the legion commander will
break the momentum of the demons."
"No. It's precarious, but Jincheon is not so weak. What you need to
do, Seongeum will tell you."
Jinkang looked back at Seongeum, who also met his gaze with a complex
look.
"I'm sorry I can't give you more time."
Seongeum bowed.
"I'll go ahead. Preserve your royal health."
It sounded almost like a farewell.
"Right. Don't worry about me. And to the magician of the Ivory
Tower, although the world is on the brink...
It was a final request from a father.
"Please respect Seongeum's wishes."
"What are...
Before Shirone could finish, Seongeum cast an ether wave and moved
locations.
The grand hall receded as they arrived at the palace where Seongeum
stayed.
"Have you arrived, miss?"
Munkyung, the captain of Sambo, came out to greet her.
Although they had met during the Ivory Tower exams, for some reason, his
eyes were swollen as if he had cried all night.
"What happened?"
Looking around, the maids also looked at Seongeum with sympathetic
eyes.
But the party herself pointed at Shirone without showing any particular
emotion.
"I have something to discuss with my friend. Provide a place for
us."
"Please, come this way."
Munkyung led them a short distance in Sambo, and the other maids guided
Seongeum from their respective positions.
"As always."
Shirone was aware of her obsession with space.
Still, the reason he could come so close was that she had granted him
permission.
Since he was there, Munkyung could not speak ill of Shirone.
'If she loves someone, she can step back at any time. But this timing
was sorrowful.'
"Please enter."
As Munkyung opened the guesthouse, a neatly arranged annex with a round
table and bed appeared.
It was according to Seongeum's taste.
"Everyone, leave."
"But miss, this inspector..." Only Shirone was permitted by
Seongeum.
Rian couldn't be left alone in a narrow room.
"It's okay. I permit it."
Seongeum looked back at Rian.
He had once surprised her with his prowess, but now he had grown much
more.
'Undoubtedly, he might be the strongest in the world.'
Was Shirone going to fight alongside such a person?
Anyway, it was a good thing from the perspective of the Jincheon Empire,
so Seongeum gave him some distance.
"0.1 steps."
She couldn't allow the same distance as she did for Shirone.
As Rian shrugged and entered, Munkyung had nothing more to say.
"I will be waiting outside." In a somewhat awkward atmosphere,
Shirone, Rian, and Seongeum sat roundly at the table.
"First, I apologize. You must be busy as a star of the Ivory
Tower."
"It's okay. This is my duty. But what do I need to do here? And why
did the emperor...
As Seongeum looked up at the ceiling, reminiscing about the past.
"Do you remember? When I took you to the Ivory Tower, I asked you
how much time you could give me."
"Huh? Time?"
It was a casual remark for Shirone, so he struggled to remember.
"Oh, right. 10 days, wasn't it?"
"Yes, 10 days."
Shirone said with an embarrassed expression.
"But now, it might be difficult. I'll definitely keep my promise
after the war."
"No need. Forget it."
Seongeum was smiling, but there was no vitality in her
expression.
"It's a busy time. Many people of Jincheon are dying. So I ask you,
unrelated to the promise...
Seongeum looked at Shirone with a pleading gaze.
"Just one day. Give me just one day."
Rian grunted, and Shirone blinked.
'One day?'
He couldn't fathom what she was thinking.
"What's all this?"
In the battlefield, Harvitz and the 4 Gustav Generals had set up camp 20
kilometers from the battlefield.
Following Balkan's orders, they had killed all the people in every city
along the way, but there were spoils for Smode.
"Huuk. Huuuuuuk."
About 2,000 beautiful girls were tied up in a row with ropes.
Sitting on the ground, Zetaro was plucking grass and spoke.
"He said he'd take all the women in the world. I killed many
because they were troublesome to carry around. I don't know your taste, but anyway, I picked roughly by
my standards."
Natasha started counting but gave up.
"Even if we capture only 10 a day, it would take a long time.
Smodo, don't overdo it. You might wear out your bones."
"Don't worry about it."
Smodo knew no surrender.
"That's why humans need tools."
He had taken a repeating crossbow from a soldier and looked back at
Natasha, smirking.
"Anyway, just shoot right?"
About ten arrows per second were poured into the crowd.
"Screaaa!"
The dying girls.
Terrifying screams erupted, and people tied with ropes were trampled in
succession.
"More! More!"
As the arrows fell, subordinates brought new crossbows, and the cruel
slaughter continued endlessly.
After firing six hundred shots, the recoil was almost shattering their
bodies.
"Wow, this is really tough. Zetaro, want to do it
together?"
"Hahaha, why be so greedy?"
Zetaro, holding crossbows in both hands, started firing arrows
indiscriminately without caring about the recoil.
"Kahahaha! Kahahaha!"
From behind the two, Natasha, performing a beautiful dance, shed tears
of blood.
"Crazy bastards."
The soldiers seriously questioned whether this was truly a right given
to humans.
"Shouldn't someone stop this?" Balkan was preoccupied with
looking at a map while sitting on his horse.
Harvitz was also sitting with his back against a bush in the corner of
the field, merely drawing on the ground.
"Ha! Ha!"
Finally, when all 2,000 had fallen, Smode, sweating profusely, threw his
crossbow.
"This is really hard."
"Heck! Yeah, really!"
As Zetaro gasped for breath and slumped down, Smode turned to look at
Balkan.
"Hey, general. How many have we killed so far?"
Balkan raised his head and stroked his chin.
"Hmm, I guess about 600 to 700 million?"
"What? 600 to 700 million?"
Smode's face turned incredulous.
"We've been killing indiscriminately, and you're saying we've only
reduced half of half? Seriously, how many humans are there?"
Balkan agreed.
"It's a bit slower than expected. It seems there's a decent soldier
in Valkyrie minimizing the damage."
There's no force among humanity that can stop the army of Hell, but even
in such circumstances, the response was agile.
"Who exactly is it?"
Someone with a brain enough to counter the crowd.
Balkan's gaze targeted someone in the enemy lines whose name he didn't
even know yet.