Chapter 859:
Singularity (2)
"What?"
Rian's expression grew serious.
It was clear that Rian's awakening was also due to the genes inherited
from Ogent and Smille.
"Brother too...?"
Going further back, their grandfather, Ogent Klump, had drawn out the
"Idea" from his mind.
Guy raised one corner of his mouth.
"You didn't think you were the chosen one, did you?"
"Not at all. But..."
Just because memories are retained in the genes doesn't mean anyone can
reach that level.
The ultimate transcendence of the divine, the Idea.
"How far have you gone?"
"Well, you'll find out if you face me directly."
Rian looked up at the thick smoke rising beyond the capital,
Marsak.
It was still far, but it meant that Shirone was close enough to the
capital to be seen with the naked eye.
Rian aimed his greatsword.
"Let's finish this quickly. There's no time."
"You seem to be mistaken."
Guy kicked off the ground and charged.
"Your time ends here."
The moment Guy's sword struck the greatsword, Rian's right arm twisted
grotesquely.
"The body of a Yaksha."
Functionally speaking, it was a body that wielded the mind.
"You're underestimating me too much."
Guy's shirt burst with a pop, revealing muscles as hard as rock.
Crack. Crack.
Like fuel, the heat shimmered behind him, and his body took on the
complete form of a Yaksha.
"Ahhh!"
Guy, pushing Rian back with immense strength, launched a series of
unreadable attacks.
True to his nickname, the Berserker, he was all offense, and Rian
couldn't read the trajectory of his sword.
"Hup!"
As the Maha strike split the world horizontally, numerous afterimages
disappeared like illusions.
Guy's side was half cut, and blood spurted from both of Rian's shoulders
simultaneously.
"Heh. Hehehe."
The expressions of the two, watching each other's wounds regenerate,
were completely opposite.
"Shall I tell you something?"
Guy said, lowering his sword diagonally.
"Just because the Akashic Records restore information doesn't mean
you're immortal."
Rian was listening.
"Physicality is just a representation. It's merely the result of
signals being realized. When a human is cut and dies, it's because the body is separated, but underlying
that is the information that constitutes the body being manifested."
It's called life.
"The Idea restores information, not the body. So even if your head
is cut off, you can come back to life. But..."
Guy lowered his stance and gripped his sword in reverse.
"What if you cut the information?"
As he swung his sword broadly, Guy's arm exploded with a pop, and the
world split vertically.
"Ugh!"
Guy's sword had already disintegrated into powder, and Rian, unable to
evade, blocked with his greatsword.
"It doesn't break."
Of course, the "Idea" stood firm even as it split the world's
information.
But the vibration in the sword was enough to shatter all the bones in
Rian's fingers.
"Argh!"
The moment Rian dropped the greatsword to the ground, Guy kicked
off.
"Information is also physical force."
Rian gritted his teeth as he looked down at his shattered palm.
"It doesn't heal."
The information in Guy's sword had destroyed the information recorded in
the Akashic Records about Rian.
"How is it? Isn't it cool?"
As Rian hurriedly dodged, Guy followed and cut his body.
"The genius of Ogent."
Although he avoided being cut in half, Rian's body was a mess from Guy's
slashes.
"Cool?"
Rian recalled.
Although it wasn't a memory with images, the feeling conveyed through
the genes about Ogent was...
"Not cool at all."
Just a man who struggled to survive.
"Ugh!"
Breathing was the hardest.
Even after crossing the boundary of death, taking one more breath was
the hardest thing.
"Move."
As Rian dropped his hands, the "Idea" flew in front of him and
blocked.
It vibrated with immense shockwaves, but the greatsword withstood Guy's
strength to the end.
Rian spoke.
"Is that what happened?"
His brother, who was always cold and rational.
"So you went mad?"
Just to become the best with a sword?
"I am the strongest!"
As Guy raised both arms to strike again, Rian's finger bones
regenerated.
Gripping the handle of the greatsword with both hands, he spun his body
with immense force.
"You abandoned your conviction!"
Both the vertical and horizontal swords were too fast for the human eye
to see.
"Ugh!"
Rian was much faster.
Boom!
All the buildings within a huge radius collapsed, and Guy, whose upper
and lower body were separated, fell to the ground.
"Tsk, tsk. I thought you had grown a bit, but you're still the
youngest."
Guy's lower body began to regenerate below his waist.
"What good is cutting the body? I taught you how to
kill."
Rian aimed the greatsword at Guy's chin.
"Come back. This is your last chance. I don't care what you've
done. Live and take responsibility for it."
Guy, who had returned to his intact body, dodged where Rian was
aiming.
"Responsibility..."
Guy, who had been lost in thought, chuckled.
"What have you been doing lately?"
Even though they had just tried to kill each other like enemies, Rian
answered honestly.
Because they were family.
"A knight. I am Shirone's sword. As long as my lord tries to save
the world, you are my enemy."
"Shirone? Ah, Shirone."
The one known as the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower.
"Go. I'll let you go today. It's embarrassing to fight with your
lower half dangling."
"Come with me, brother."
Guy pointed behind him.
"You don't have the luxury to worry about me?"
The smoke created by Shirone's destruction filled the sky.
He knew that the anger wouldn't be relieved just by massacring a few
tens of millions of demons.
"Damn it."
Rian looked around the city and said.
"I'll save the people first. You do nothing and stay here. We'll
talk again once this is sorted out."
"How boring. How will you ever get a girlfriend if you're always so
serious?"
Rian turned around.
"...Stay alive."
What remained in the place Rian left was not just the cold air after the
struggle.
"Family."
Come to think of it, there was such a thing as family.
"Run! Run!"
In the distance, the splendid and massive walls surrounding the capital
of Gustav could be seen.
From 100 kilometers away, Shirone's pale face could be seen as he cut
down demons and walked.
He had fought for over 24 hours without rest, and the aftermath of the
Ataraxia physical combat was immense.
As the waves of light disappeared, the demons who had scattered looked
back.
"Are you satisfied now?"
The legion commanders' orders were to "just die" until
Shirone's anger subsided.
"Ataraxia..."
Blood tears flowed from Shirone's eyes as he raised a massive magic
circle.
"Physical combat."
The demons' eyes widened.
"Ahhh!"
Once again, an immense curtain of light spread, and the near-light-speed
blast exploded everything outside the capital.
At that point, the death toll of demons surpassed 200 million,
accounting for 20% of the army of hell.
"It's exhilarating."
Feeling the world being purified, Shirone looked up at the sky and
wept.
"If it had been like this from the start..."
Would Seongeum have had to sacrifice herself?
"What is love anyway?"
How terrible must it be?
Is she enduring endless pain, trapped in the horrific environment of
hell?
"She's a strong person. Stronger than anyone I know..."
He thought of Seongeum, who was bravely enduring the pain with her back
straight.
But the image quickly turned into an imagination of Seongeum screaming
in agony.
"Die!"
As particles of light spread from Shirone, the demons scattered into
smoke in the nearly frozen time. A demon watching from high above spoke to the second legion commander,
Melania.
"This is bad. There's no sign of his anger subsiding. At this rate,
the world will end."
It was only a matter of time if this continued.
"Indeed."
Melania, who had been observing the ground while lying in the air,
twisted her central axis and stood up.
"I have no choice but to go."
The demon was startled.
"No! Why must the most beautiful and pure among the demons go?
Aren't there other legion commanders?"
Moreover, she was ranked second.
"What can we do? If it's about killing Yahweh, it's different, but
if it's about enduring, I'm the best fit."
Her realm was darkness.
She couldn't gauge the extent of Yahweh's anger, but she was the best to
endure until it subsided.
The demon burst into tears.
"Melania! No!"
"Don't come. It's not something to see."
Leaving the demon behind, Melania quickly descended to the
ground.
As the light bombardment continued at an immense speed, she extended her
white hand.
A disc-shaped black barrier spun, absorbing all the photon
cannons.
"Commander!"
Demons who noticed the change in the situation stopped fleeing and
gathered around her.
"The commander is here! Now we counterattack!"
The moment she opened her realm, Shirone wouldn't be able to go on a
rampage like now.
"Who are you?"
As Shirone, still amplified in mental power, approached, Melania's
pupils shook.
'Buddha.'
If the future is predetermined, was it inevitable that Yahweh became a
Buddha at some point in history?
"Please calm your anger. No matter how much you hate us, isn't this
too much? You originally..."
"Shut up."
Shirone approached with glaring eyes.
"Filthy demons."
The division commanders standing by Melania's side frowned and raised
their weapons.
"How dare you speak to the commander like that...!"
Melania raised her hand to stop them.
"The spiritual realm has closed, and the demons have lost their
homeland. Your anger is not our fault. Why are you taking out on us what she brought upon
herself?"
"So you're saying it's unfair?"
"Demons are inherently like this. Why do you force us to repent? It
is not us but humans who should repent."
A photon cannon flew in.
Reflexively, a black barrier was deployed, but it pierced through and
struck Melania's face.
"Commander!"
Melania, who had been motionless with her upper body bent back, slowly
returned to her stance.
Blood trickled down her beautiful face.
"Let me tell you."
Shirone moved forward.
"It doesn't matter whether humans commit evil or whether demons
came from humans... There is no compassion.
"You demons should repent."
As the demons' eyes burned red and they prepared to act, Melania
spoke.
"Demons do not repent."
"Then die."
As Shirone approached even closer, all the demons prepared to fight for
their lives.
A massive sphere of light rose above Shirone's head, vibrating
ominously.
"Commander!"
Melania knelt and prostrated herself on the ground.
The demons were shocked to see the second greatest being in hell
humiliated in a human manner.
"Stand up! We will fight!"
Melania raised her head.
"Torment me as much as you want until your anger subsides. I will
not refuse any punishment you give."
Becoming a Buddha must be prevented at all costs.
Her face was so pure and radiant that it moved the hearts of those who
saw it...
But Shirone just looked down coldly.