Chapter 861:
Singularity (4)
As Rian was evacuating people around the capital, he suddenly sensed a
change.
At some point, the number of demons began to decrease, and now there
were none in sight.
"What happened?"
"A temporary truce."
An old man with a cane emerged from an alley.
He had a frail body with protruding cheekbones, and his wrinkled skin
clung to his facial bones. His hands, gripping the cane, trembled as if he might collapse at any moment,
but Rian kept his distance.
"Who are you?"
He was a demon, and his aura was among the most formidable Rian had
encountered in battle.
"Are you asking for my name? It's Gaitan."
Gaitan, the commander of the 10th legion of the army of hell.
His realm was the insect world, and he was known as the ruler of all
filthy bugs in the hidden world.
"A legion commander."
"Yes, that's right."
Gaitan leaned on his cane and looked into the distance.
"It seems your lord has negotiated with another legion commander.
The demons won't attack for a while."
Rian lowered his sword.
"What do you want to say?"
"I heard you cut down the demon tree Argantis. So I have a question
for you."
Gaitan turned his gaze to Rian.
"What do you think is at the end of the world?"
"I don't know."
Rian always lived in the present.
"Demons are different from life. We're like a system error. I don't
know why beings like us are needed. Maybe we weren't created out of necessity."
"Whatever you are, if you torment others, you have no right to
exist."
Gaitan smirked.
"I'm thinking of opening my realm."
"If you open your realm, you can never return to being yourself.
Death isn't scary. What's truly terrifying is the void. But humans don't seem to understand
that."
"Are you threatening me?"
Gaitan shook his head.
"No, it's more of a request. I've heard your swordsmanship can cut
through the very meaning of existence."
It alters information itself.
"Would you cut through my realm? I've mastered all the wisdom of
this world. I have no fear left. The only unknown remaining is beyond the void."
Rian tightened his grip on his greatsword.
'This is dangerous.'
Cutting him down before he opened his realm was the best option.
"You call it a request, but I have no choice. Fine, consider it my
wisdom."
As soon as he finished speaking, Rian twisted his body and swung his
greatsword.
With one stroke, Gaitan's head fell, and the buildings behind him were
sliced apart.
Gaitan's head rolled on the ground and continued speaking from an
upside-down position.
"What is it that traps us in this suffocating
illusion?"
His eyes turned completely white.
The demon realm, Palapinas.
Gaitan's face rapidly decayed, turning into a mass of black dots.
His body followed, turning black as if burning, then dissolving into
smoke and expanding over a radius of hundreds of meters.
"Ugh!"
It wasn't smoke.
Bzzz! Bzzz! Bzzz! Bzzz!
They looked like flies, but their suction power as they clung to Rian's
body and sucked his blood was like a snake bite.
"Ahhh!"
As he swung his greatsword, his vision cleared, but countless bugs were
already covering the capital.
"Damn it!"
It was a different kind of annoyance compared to Argantis.
'Ogent Guy.'
The fact that he was Rian's older brother caused a ripple in Shirone's
heart.
But since their last encounter, Guy had already lost his sanity to
madness, so Shirone's cold gaze remained unchanged.
"What is this? Are you two in love or something?" Guy laughed,
resting his sword on his shoulder at the strange sight of the legion commander and Shirone
together.
"I heard you have authority over the Shiyok."
Guy looked at Melania.
"Hmm."
He didn't know the details.
But seeing her silent and indifferent, Guy knew what he had to
do.
"Yes, I have it. So what?"
"Summon the Shiyok."
"Why should I?"
Shirone gritted his teeth.
"You know it too. A human has fallen into hell. We need to save
her."
Hoping for a shred of humanity from Rian's brother, Shirone appealed
emotionally.
"The woman who sealed the spiritual realm. I've heard about her.
But you're asking the wrong person. Do you think I'll release the enemy who weakened our
forces?"
"You're... human too."
Shirone's eyes burned fiercely.
"Why are you siding with the demons? Rian is fighting to save
humans right now! Why are you..."
"Shut up."
Guy interrupted.
"Is appealing to family love all you can do? Rian is pitiful to
have someone like you as his master."
"You could die."
Finally, the killing intent was unleashed.
"Hahaha! Of course, I could die. It's war. Fine, I'll tell you how.
If you can kill me, or at least push me to the brink of death..."
Guy aimed his sheathed sword at Shirone.
"The Shiyok will appear."
'Rian, I'm sorry.'
Shirone closed his eyes.
'I might hurt your brother.'
As soon as he finished thinking, dozens of photon cannons fired at
Guy.
Boom!
The room was instantly wrecked, and Shirone teleported outside the
castle.
Guy, already airborne, drew his sword and spread his arms.
"You have some learning ability."
It was a good decision to launch a preemptive strike against a
swordsman.
"But it's a bit weak!"
Although he hadn't seen Shirone fight directly, he knew the number of
demons killed by his appearance.
'Two hundred million in one night. This level of magic isn't
enough.'
A woman had sacrificed herself for the world.
The price was an eternity in hell, a time without end.
'He must be angry.'
Guy guessed the current situation, knowing he held the key to saving
her.
'But such a clumsy attack?'
Despite being angry enough to abandon his accumulated skills, he
couldn't kill him because...
'He's a good guy.'
Because he was Rian's brother.
"Heh."
Rian had enough reasons to swear loyalty to Shirone, and that made him
angry.
"Fools!"
As he fell to the ground, Guy twisted his upper body and swung a
powerful strike.
'This is...!'
Shirone's eyes widened at the fierce energy tearing through the
scenery.
Boom!
The castle's spire was blown away, and Melania, who had been standing
guard, was thrown into the air.
"Is it starting?"
A flash of light twisted like a torrent, chasing Guy at a terrifying
speed.
"Hahaha! You surprised me!"
As Guy landed, he swung his sword at incredible speed, causing the
atmosphere to tremble.
'Rian's technique.'
As the sword's energy aimed for his neck, the space distorted, and
Shirone's body disappeared.
"Teleportation?"
With a grinding noise, a flash of light drew a net in the vast
sky.
"An interesting idea, but..."
If he hadn't given up Yahweh's realm, he would have manipulated time
through incarnation.
"That's as far as it goes."
As the ground exploded where he stood, Guy moved at a terrifying
speed.
He caught up with the wide range of teleportation in an instant, and a
fierce shockwave followed.
Boom!
Watching the buildings of the capital collapse from the sky, Melania had
a puzzled expression.
"Why is he doing that?"
A single photon cannon could have destroyed an entire block, but it
wasn't showing that level of power.
'He doesn't want to kill him.'
Realizing this, Melania shed tears with a sad face.
"See?"
Hadn't he already killed two hundred million demons?
"He always hates only us."
"Hahaha! Is this all you've got?"
As Guy raised his sword, a shockwave like a mountain struck
Shirone.
"Ugh!"
Shirone, who had defended with a wide attack, teleported 500 meters
away.
"Too slow!"
Guy was already in front of him.
'Get a grip.'
To summon the Shiyok, he had to push Guy to the brink of death.
'I have no choice!'
A photon cannon with near-light speed propulsion vibrated fiercely on
Shirone's palm.
As the flash left Shirone's hand, Guy felt time slow down for the first
time.
'Can I dodge...?'
A massive explosion occurred from the friction of the particles, and
Shirone squeezed his eyes shut.
In the last scene before closing his eyes, the explosion clearly
engulfed Guy's body.
If the Shiyok had activated, this wouldn't have happened.
"Heh."
Hearing laughter from the smoke, Shirone quickly opened his eyes and
looked around.
Guy, with his armor in tatters, approached with a crazed smile.
"Impossible..."
Watching his severed left arm gradually regenerate, a thought crossed
Shirone's mind.
"Yes, you can't kill me like this. But can you do it?
It will be quite difficult."
He knew about the realm of the Idea from Rian.
"I'm not trying to kill you."
Shirone's expression changed.
"I made a mistake."
Hundreds of spheres rose around Shirone, ready to launch.
As Guy's face turned pale, all the photon cannons fired at him.
Boom!
The entire central radius of the capital collapsed, and Melania's eyes
widened.
"Yes! That's it!"
If he exhausted himself to the point where he couldn't get angry
anymore, the advantage would shift back to the demons.
"Hahaha! I told you, it's not going to work!"
Even as the ground collapsed, Guy continuously restored information and
pushed Shirone back.
Finally, his sword pierced Shirone's chest.
"Ugh!"
The sensation of the cold blade piercing through his body and protruding
out was unbearably unpleasant.
"How unfortunate."
Defeating a half-baked magician who had lost the power of Prajna wasn't
particularly satisfying.
"If it had been incarnation magic, it would have been a good
match."
At that moment, Guy felt the weight of Shirone disappear through the
blade.
"Huh?"
When Guy looked down, the area around the sword that had pierced
Shirone's chest was turning into white light.
'What is this?'
When he looked again in a hurry, Shirone's pupils had already
disappeared, and his entire body was turning into light.
"Ugh!"
Even as he pulled out the sword and stepped back, there was no sensation
of resistance from Shirone's body.
'What is happening...'
Guy's mind went blank as he looked up at the sky.
"What is that?"
A giant incarnation was looking down at Guy.
Nane spoke.
"What is planted in the heart cannot be destroyed. Therefore, love
is the opposite of emptiness."
Shura was listening.
"Conversely, what can be destroyed has no heart. So what is a
Buddha?"
Nane raised his index finger.
"A Buddha is one who steps on love and realizes emptiness. The one
who destroys what they love most becomes a Buddha."
That is true emptiness.
"Then Shirone..."
"He is walking the opposite path from me. But nothing is
easy."
Nane gave a sad smile.
"How can one love after realizing the void?"
That would be true love.