Chapter 862:
Rain (1)
"It's closer to impossible than difficult."
Nane continued.
"What a great contradiction it is to be able to destroy what you
love the most." The more you love, the further you are from emptiness.
"That's why, although I've almost reached it, it will still take an
immeasurable amount of time to become a Buddha."
Shura asked.
"Then will Shirone reach it first?"
The ultimate.
"He's still far from it. I can vaguely guess what he might be
feeling in a world dominated by evil."
The greater the love for all things, the greater the sense of betrayal,
and his anger would be driving him towards emptiness.
"Then will Shirone end the world?"
Like Nane once did.
"Possibly. But I know how difficult that is. If there's a
difference between us..."
Nane looked up at the sky.
"It's that this world loves him."
Even if Yahweh's anger were to lead to the end of the world.
World Climate Organization.
With the help of the Holy War, the organization had relocated its
headquarters, housing over 300 magicians.
Their mission was to manipulate the climate to increase agricultural
production in areas not invaded by demons.
The surplus food became the rations for the Valkyrie army, making this
department indispensable in the world war.
"Manager! Look at this!"
Amira, a first-year employee, collected signals from observation devices
worldwide and shouted.
"What is it? Did a disaster strike somewhere?"
The documents were filled with numbers and diagrams, but the manager saw
a picture.
"What is this?"
It was a typhoon.
A massive typhoon, unprecedented in history, was moving between Gustav
and Jincheon.
"And there are seven of them! How is this possible?"
Amira pointed to the detailed information.
"The speed is on a different level from existing typhoons. It will
make landfall in Gustav in a few hours. Its power will exceed at least category six."
It wasn't a natural occurrence.
"It's magic. But who could..."
Even the World Climate Organization found it difficult to create
typhoons of this scale consecutively.
"What should we do? If it makes landfall, the civilian damage will
be enormous. We have to dissipate it."
"Can we dissipate it?"
Amira stammered.
"Well, if we plant the seeds before it grows any bigger, we can
slowly subdue it."
"Even so, it's impossible to eliminate all seven. It's better to
prepare evacuation measures."
The fact that the typhoons were heading towards the evil stronghold of
the Gustav Empire also played a part.
"Manager! Over here!"
Another employee shouted with a pale face, and the manager hurried
over.
"Damn it! What now?"
Amira bit her lip as she stared intently at the documents the manager
had thrown down.
'What's happening?'
It was a series of disasters.
Jincheon Sea.
Mitura, the commander of the 8th legion, stood up from the giant clam,
watching the typhoons move beyond the horizon.
"Here they come again. How many are they going to
send?"
"What should we do? If this continues, Gustav will be destroyed.
Satan will be angry..."
Mitura glared, and the demon flinched.
"Of course, I trust you, Mitura."
The demons suggested opening the demon realm before things got
worse.
'Annoying.'
Only the ten legion commanders had this privilege, but it also
symbolized eternal annihilation.
'You can't even be resurrected from the fires of hell.'
Opening the demon realm was a last resort, and Mitura wasn't ready
yet.
"Commander! Over there!"
Beyond the horizon, four of the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower
approached, causing rough waves.
Minerva, aboard a jet, spoke.
"Don't worry about the others. Our job is to eliminate the
commander."
Freed, running on the water's surface, gripped his sword, eyeing the
demons.
"You learned from Kashan, right? The best option is to finish it
before they open the demon realm."
Mitura's realm was the tidal wave.
Once opened, it would destroy all coastal cities worldwide.
Mitura stood up, holding the giant esophagus.
"Alright! Let's go, everyone! Let's have a proper
fight!"
A murmuring voice was heard from afar.
"Just open the demon realm."
As Mitura swung the esophagus horizontally, the heads of the demons
lined up dozens of meters away flew off.
"Eek!"
There were no more complaints from the demons.
"Consider that a greeting!"
Mitura lowered his stance and slashed the water's surface, raising a
massive wave.
"Here they come!"
Freed's ice magic froze the wave, dozens of meters high, with a loud
crack.
Boom!
Minerva burst through the ice wall, stopping in mid-air and firing
jets.
Gustav's capital.
"Ahhh! Save me...!"
The voice disappeared before the scream ended.
As people covered in insects fell like charred wood, Rian dashed
through.
"What a huge number."
The insects of the hidden world, Palapinas, endlessly multiplied,
covering the entire city.
'How do I get rid of this?'
He could cut down powerful enemies, but against countless insects, the
sword was the worst tool.
"Yahhh!"
Rian's sword, imbued with the power of Maha, split the scenery, but the
fly-like insects kept clinging to him.
"Ugh!"
His entire body was soon covered in bugs, and the sensation of his blood
being sucked made him dizzy.
'It's okay.'
The Idea wouldn't break from this, but ordinary humans would die within
ten seconds.
Moreover, Palapinas kept multiplying, and if not suppressed early, it
could lead to the world's destruction.
"Damn demon realm."
Rian accelerated, breaking through a wall, and struck the greatsword
with all his might. The atmosphere split with a roar, and for a moment, the sky was visible.
"What..."
Unable to even think of raising his sword, Rian stared blankly at the
sky.
"What is that?"
It was probably an incarnation, but he didn't want to know what it
was.
Shirone's body was weightless, like luminous smoke.
Above his bowed head, anger was endlessly rising.
Melania muttered.
"Yahweh's anger."
The black smoke rose at a terrifying speed, piercing the sky and
spreading like a mushroom cloud.
It expanded without slowing down, like black paint spreading across the
sky.
'It's out in the world.'
Yahweh's rotten, festering resentment had burst through his body.
'What will happen?'
Melania snapped back to reality and shouted.
"Kill him! Kill Yahweh!"
"Ugh!"
Guy immediately ran and swung his sword, but it didn't cut
Shirone.
'It doesn't seem to be material.'
Following the sword's trajectory, Guy couldn't see it, but hexagonal
particles of light were floating.
'Information?'
Meirei stood up and covered one ear.
"Chief Justice."
The voice of Chief Justice Theraphos was still deep but urgent.
"The Hexa Program has been activated."
"Hexa... Program? What's that?"
There was no time for explanations.
"I'll send the Ark."
The communication was cut off.
The manager of the World Climate Organization shouted.
"Is this even possible?"
The thrown documents slid across the floor, and the surrounding
employees hurriedly picked them up.
"Manager! What's wrong?"
Amira approached, but the manager was too agitated to respond.
"Amira, look at this."
Amira quickly checked the figures on the documents from the Gustav
Empire's observatory.
The documents fell from her hands again.
"Impossible."
The employees thought the same.
"But it's true. This isn't a natural phenomenon or magic. It's
something unknown."
Even if all the water on the planet were used, clouds of this mass
couldn't be created.
"It's like..."
An employee imagined the sky beyond the ceiling.
"Like iron heavier than the planet is floating."
Guy's sword slashed through Shirone's body at a speed that left
afterimages.
'Why can't I kill him?'
Maybe because he was already dead.
Realizing this, Guy finally stopped attacking and looked up at the
sky.
"It's grown bigger."
The cloud was large enough to cover an entire kingdom.
"What kind of incarnation is that?"
"Yahweh."
Melania approached.
"That's Yahweh? Isn't he supposed to love all things? This is more
like..."
It was darker and more sinister than the demons.
"Yes. Truly despicable."
The amount of evil a human had to suppress to reach the state of
compassion.
"Why wouldn't he want to be angry? He'd want to be jealous, to
desire, to act on his whims."
Yahweh is not good.
"Compassion is created through sacrifice. The unrecognized
sacrifice accumulates deep inside, becoming an unbearable monster..."
The black cloud covered the entire empire.
"A being who must live forever, imprisoning himself to prevent the
monster from escaping."
Melania touched Shirone's particles.
"To demons, that hypocrisy is horrifying..."
She grasped the light in her hand.
"It's detestable."
As she slowly opened her hand, the hexagonal light fluttered up to the
sky.
Despite her words, Melania's eyes looked ecstatic as she watched
it.
"We did it. Yahweh's anger is gone."
Rumble.
A foreboding thunder rumbled from the black cloud that covered the
sun.
"Shouldn't we get out of here?"
"Where to?"
Melania, with disheveled eyes, turned her palm towards the sky.
"It looks like it's going to rain."
As soon as she finished speaking, particles of light began to fall from
the sky.
The light, containing divine particles, was a gloomy gray and thousands
of times heavier than raindrops.
Swoosh.
The light droplets fell almost simultaneously.
However, at the extreme of observation, simultaneity cannot be achieved,
and the leading droplets of light headed towards the capital, Marsak.
The moment the first droplet of light struck the highest spire of the
capital.
Thud!
With a powerful burst, a fist-sized dent was formed.
Thud! Thud! Thud!
And then...
"Damn it!"
Infinite.
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
An infinite number of droplets struck the entire empire.
"Ahhh!"
Tens of millions of demons screamed simultaneously, but even their cries
were drowned out by the roar.
The capital's height was being reduced by four meters per second under
the continuous bombardment.
"What is this! This...!"
The force was pounding the entire empire equally, destroying everything
on the ground.
"Yahhh!"
Guy swung his sword, deflecting the particles of light.
After about three seconds, nothing remained of his sword except the
handle.
"This...?"
A dull sound echoed through his skull.
"Ugh!"
As thousands of droplets of light pounded his body, Guy's form crumpled
to the ground.
"How unfortunate."
Melania, holding a black umbrella, looked down at the shapeless
Guy.
"It seems the Ark did not come for you."
She turned to look at the capital, where millions of bluish domes had
formed.