Chapter 863:
Rain (2)
"Rain."
Rian, having put away his weapon, looked up at the sky.
Through the unknown dome-shaped barrier, he saw particles of light
falling from the sky.
"No, it's light."
The demon realm opened by Gaitan had been completely obliterated by the
falling light.
"What is that?"
Survivors trapped under the dome began to stand up one by one, pointing
at the black cloud.
Part of an enormous flying object, whose size was impossible to gauge,
protruded from the cloud.
'This doesn't look good.'
Rian was worried about Shirone, but he didn't dare step outside the blue
dome.
In less than a minute, the torrential rain had stripped away buildings
ten meters high.
Dying was one thing, but stepping outside would mean his body would be
crushed without a trace.
Moreover, there was a sight that convinced him this phenomenon was
caused by Shirone.
Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!
As the particles of light, which were destroying the world with a roar,
struck the surface of objects, they flashed.
The light, so beautiful it hurt to look at, emitted a precise hexagonal
shape.
"Hexa."
From the spire of the Grand Temple, The Grand Star watched the events
unfolding in the Gustav Empire.
Through the glass floor, she saw the planet below, covered by Yahweh's
cloud.
"Theraphos."
And cutting through that black cloud, a massive spaceship, half the size
of the empire, was approaching.
Thud! Thud!
Grand Star turned around at the vibrations felt from the floor.
"You are..."
"The administrator of Gaia."
With gray skin, an elongated head, large eyes covered in a greasy film,
and a pointed chin, the three-meter-tall alien being, Chief Justice Theraphos, approached, awkwardly
swinging his thin arms.
"You've come in person."
"The Hexa Program has been activated. According to user protection
rules, Theraphos is sending the Ark."
Standing beside Grand Star, the Chief Justice looked at the scenes on
the ground displayed on the screen.
Grand Star asked.
"...What is Hexa?"
"It is presumed to be a unit of the Ultima System and a type of
annihilation code. The signal of Hexa corresponds one-to-one with all information, erasing the source
from the Akashic Records."
Watching the world's information being erased by the rain of light, the
Chief Justice continued.
"This is the second time I've witnessed a minor
purification."
"It happened during Gaia's era. Does the arrival of the Ark mean
two people will be selected again?"
"Hexa cannot be stopped by anything. Even the electromagnetic
barrier will eventually break. We must select two people before that happens."
A man and a woman, only two humans, will board the Ark and migrate to
another planet.
"Yahweh's anger will grow and cover the entire planet. It's over.
He has closed this world."
"It's not an eternal end, though." Hence, the minor
purification.
"Yes, the selected man and woman will eventually settle on another
planet and call many users."
The Chief Justice looked at Grand Star.
"Just as the two Gaians selected during the minor purification long
ago populated this land with humans." Grand Star remained silent.
"I understand there is one here? The only remaining Gaian in the
photon system, the first human of this planet."
"He is no longer human. He exists only with memories stored in a
small brain."
It was a choice he made himself.
"So, who are the selected man and woman this time?"
"We are considering many combinations. There are about 300
candidates. The council will decide soon."
"Two people to open a new world. It's a harsh task. Who are the
candidates?"
"For example, Miro and Habitz."
Grand Star looked at the Chief Justice with half-closed eyes.
"Extreme good and extreme evil?"
"It's the best way to maintain the system. Miro will understand.
The previous error must not be repeated."
The first humans made a mistake.
"You mean Eve."
"She broke the rules. She tried to become the mother of all. In the
end, Eve's partner..."
Unable to perish, he lives on as a brain.
"That combination won't succeed. The old Miro might have, but not
now. She won't accept anyone but Gaold."
"That's why they are candidates. We will examine them thoroughly.
Currently, the council is considering Etella and Shagal."
"Etella and Shagal?"
It was a curious combination, but after a moment of thought, Grand Star
understood.
"Perhaps that could work."
With the Chief Justice Theraphos personally leading the Ark, it finally
felt real.
"Once again, it's over." The Chief Justice placed a hand on
Grand Star's shoulder.
"Don't be disappointed. It's just a stage of trial and error.
Humanity will eventually reach the ultimate."
"Is it really possible, a perfect system?"
A world with nothing left to fix.
"Whatever a god creates, it is only the god's perfection. True
perfection is when we become gods."
Humans must define it.
"That's why gods are indifferent and do not interfere with this
world. The most they can send from outside..."
The Chief Justice looked at Shirone.
"Is a signal borrowed from a human body."
"Is that Yahweh?"
"If the one furthest from humanity is a Buddha, Yahweh is the one
closest to a god. To love all things is such, but Shirone is still just human."
In the face of Seongeum's eternal suffering, Shirone could only choose
emptiness over compassion.
"This time, we will start with a different combination. We will
select the best two. There is still plenty of time."
At least hundreds of billions of years remain.
"Find a planet for the Ark to reach. Preferably far from
here."
"...Yes."
Following the providence to maintain the system was inevitable, but
Grand Star's heart ached.
'Shirone...'
Was it an illusion that the light droplets destroying the world felt
like Shirone's tears?
'Are you really planning to end it like this?'
Mitura, the commander of the 8th legion, was engaged in a fierce battle
with the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower over the sea.
Many demons were nearby, but none dared to intervene in the violent
battle.
"This is..."
The combined attack of the four strongest magicians of humanity was
terrifying, and Mitura struggled to hold his ground.
"Commander! Open the demon realm!"
Frustrated subordinates shouted, and Mitura's face twisted
wickedly.
'Damn bastards! It's not their problem...'
Opening the demon realm meant eternal annihilation.
'Should I really open it?'
As he fought Freed, the thought crossed his mind.
"Ugh!"
Sing's law restrained Mitura's limbs, and Amanta's wheel struck his
head.
With a loud bang, Mitura's head snapped back, and he fiercely looked
forward again.
Screech!
Minerva's jet struck his chest.
"Ahhh!" Pushed back several kilometers by the force, the
flying demons hurriedly followed.
"Commander! Quickly, the demon realm..."
"Ahhh! Shut up!"
Innocent demons' heads flew off.
"This is driving me crazy."
A special being granted the authority of the demon realm at
birth.
Mitura took great pride in it, but when the time came, he couldn't
muster the resolve.
'Return to eternal nothingness?'
What was Amon thinking when he opened the demon realm?
"Surprisingly timid."
As the four Five Stars pursued Mitura, flying side by side, Minerva
spoke.
"That's why demons fear Buddhas. If they can't be resurrected from
the fires of hell, it's the same as dying."
Freed scoffed.
"That coward is a legion commander?"
Xing spoke.
"Aside from embodying the nature of evil, he's not fundamentally
different from humans. We can easily defeat him."
"Don't be too complacent. If he flips out, it'll be a
headache."
Unlike the Five Stars, who were preparing for any situation, Mitura's
mind was not easily swayed.
'This won't do. I must open the demon realm for Satan. Open it, open it,
open it!'
Flames rose in Mitura's eyes.
But not yet.
"Damn it! Let's fight a little longer! We can win!"
As he steeled his resolve, a massive fireball flew in and exploded on
the water's surface.
Melania looked at the horizon.
"Yahweh's tears."
The thunderous noise of the light particles striking the empire's
objects evoked thoughts of the apocalypse.
Melania's black umbrella wouldn't last long, but her expression remained
calm.
"This isn't a bad ending."
According to the under world's doctrine, when Yahweh's tears overflow
the world, demons are annihilated.
Indeed.
The power contained in the rain of light was enough to sweep away all
the demons in the empire.
"Do you know why we hate you?"
Melania approached Shirone and slowly reached out to touch the Hexa
particles.
Pop! Pop! Pop!
Her hand exploded instantly upon contact with the falling light.
"If we don't do this..."
Her black umbrella disappeared, and Melania hugged Shirone's
body.
"You won't notice us."
Countless droplets of light struck her body.
"What can we do, being born like this?"
Even with the endurance of a legion commander, she could only last a few
minutes longer than other demons.
"What is love?"
Demons and Habitz didn't know how to love.
"I could die for you. If you want, I could kill Satan.
But..."
Waiting for Shirone's answer, she spoke with a sad smile.
"I really don't know what it is."
As her beautiful face crumbled, her body began to erode from the top
down.
Shirone remained silent.
"You're here?"
Shirone, existing only as a signal, quickly moved towards the source of
the voice.
"Where is this?"
Hexagonal particles rapidly assembled, forming a human shape.
"I don't know. It looks like the afterlife."
In front of Shirone, Ogent Guy sat cross-legged, resting his chin on his
hand.
"The afterlife?"
Shirone noticed a beam of light connecting Guy to the distant
darkness.
"Do you see this light too? It's not pulling me, but it keeps
calling, which is unpleasant. It's an irresistible temptation."
Shirone examined his own body but found no such connection.
"Being here, I understand a bit. This must be the essence of the
Idea. So, it seems I'm the only one who died. Oh, you're dead too."
"We... died?"
Shirone couldn't remember anything after being stabbed by Guy's
sword.
'Is this a dream?'
It didn't feel real.
"I'd like to explain in detail, but I can't. It's sending some kind
of signal. Anyway, the reason I waited for you is to make a proposal."
"You're saying we're dead, but you have a proposal?"
"You can return to life."
Even if it was a dream, it was an irresistible offer.
"How do I explain this? If I don't follow this light, you can live.
Should I say I'm giving you my place? Or that there's one spot left? Something like that."
"I don't understand. And why would you save me? You have no reason
to."
"You don't remember what you did?"
"What did I do?"
Guy burst into laughter, raising the corner of his mouth.
"So, have you calmed down now?"