Chapter 884:
Memory (2)
Miro couldn't believe it.
"Is he really going to kill me?"
However, the look in Gaold's eyes as he looked down at her was more
intense than any villain she had ever encountered.
"It's a lie, right?"
She had believed that even if everyone else in the world abandoned her,
Gaold would never do so.
Although she hadn't been able to accept his love, that fact alone had
been a great comfort to her.
"It's a lie!"
It was only when Gaold had completely cut Miro out of his heart that she
truly felt it.
"Dieeee!"
The moment he gripped her neck and applied the Air Press, Miro could no
longer just stand by.
"Ugh!"
The avatar of Thousand-Hand Guanyin struck Gaold at an invisible
speed.
Gaold's body, which was almost vibrating, flew to the left and rolled on
the ground.
Miro gritted her teeth and stood up.
"I stopped it."
She felt a solid barrier, so strong that it didn't even feel like she
had hit a person, through her mind.
"Miro..."
Was he regaining his senses?
Lying on the ground but lifting his head, a momentary flash of kindness
shone in Gaold's eyes.
"Gaold...?"
Before she could finish speaking, his face contorted again and he began
to charge at a ferocious speed.
"We have to stop him!"
Kangnan shouted to Zulu.
"Stop him?"
It was a scene where a human who had reached the stage of dissolution
and an ultimate good were clashing.
"How?"
Realizing the reality, Kangnan turned just as a massive light exploded
in her field of vision.
Boom!
Another crater formed within the crater, and two shadows moved like
ink.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Every palm-sized area pressured Gaold's body.
But his Vacuum Press was also one of the strongest defensive spells in
the world.
"Arrrrgh!"
The rage was enough to cause an explosion in the vicinity, but it would
also mean death for Kangnan and Zulu.
Conversely, that was why they had not yet left the spot and were
watching the fight.
"You idiot!"
Miro, who never let her emotions get shaken under any circumstances,
shouted sincerely.
"Snap out of it!"
Because it was Gaold.
The ground-splitting roar sounded, and Gaold, hit by the attack of
Thousand-Hand Guanyin, bent over.
While the Vacuum Press was still intact, the fact that the strike had an
effect was evident by his reaction.
His hair bleached and the cursed nerves transmitted unimaginable pain
throughout his body.
Seeing this, Miro's heart softened again, but she now roughly understood
the situation.
"Enough already. Do you think it's okay to treat me like this just
because you think it's okay? Do you think it's okay to treat me like this?"
"Because of you... If it weren't for you..."
He wouldn't have had to endure this pain.
"Who pushed you to like me? It's ultimately you! You liked me on
your own...!"
Moved by Miro's anger, the attacks of Thousand-Hand Guanyin rained down
on Gaold like a shower.
"So!"
The strongest strike was delivered.
"You just need to like me!"
Koooooo!
The total of over 100 million consecutive hits was of such force that it
nearly approached a natural disaster, collapsing the ground.
"That crazy woman!" Kangnan tried to rush over, but a
tremendous gust of wind pushed her back.
"Aaaaah!"
As Gaold screamed in pain, Miro dashed through the wind.
"You were never needed from the start."
With her index and middle fingers together, the avatar of Thousand-Hand
Guanyin in the sky formed the same mudra.
She intended to pierce Gaold's throat.
"Are you fighting for me?"
Suddenly, she thought.
'Why am I angry? Isn't this a good thing?'
Gaold's dissolution was important to Miro, and not having to endure his
annoying courtship was an opportunity.
'Better than a weakened fool.'
Knowing this, Gaold had also chosen the current outcome without
regret.
"I'm annoyed."
She couldn't control her anger.
"Just die!"
Kangnan shouted.
"No!"
The joined index and middle fingers rushed towards Gaold's throat like a
sword.
But they stopped abruptly, and the avatar of Thousand-Hand Guanyin also
halted.
Kaaaaaaaaaaang!
The halt caused by the accident produced a roar, making it seem as if
the sky was splitting.
"You bad son of a..."
Miro, gently gripping Gaold's neck, dropped her head and trembled her
shoulders.
"What is this?"
As she looked back at Gaold, tears streamed down her face.
"You said you'd protect me for life."
The reason Miro could not become a Buddha.
At best, it was just a thin crack that Gaold had etched into her
heart...
"You said you loved me."
Miro felt an emptiness as if her heart had been pierced.
Zulu spoke.
"You must have relied on him unknowingly. Even while fighting the
world and upholding goodness, you must have thought Gaold was there."
Gaold's body trembled.
"Aaaaah!"
The moment the rampaging Spirit Zone was felt, Miro's heart
sank...
"Gugh!"
Eventually, he spat out a mouthful of blood, flipped his eyes, and
collapsed.
"Gaold!"
As Kangnan rushed to check his condition, Miro looked at Gaold with a
dazed expression.
It was night, and a bonfire was lit on the beach.
With Gaold unconscious and collapsed, the three silently watched the
flames.
"We were lucky."
Zulu said.
"He was quite exhausted from fighting the demons. If Gaold had been
normal, Miro, you would have died."
It was an unquestionable battle.
Recounting the fight, Miro frowned and lifted her head.
"I get it's to maintain the dissolution. But how can he be so
blindly self-hypnotized, or something?"
She hoped that was the case.
"No. Gaold did nothing to himself. As I said
earlier..."
Zulu looked back at the sleeping Gaold.
"He just stopped loving you. Love and obsession are a fine line.
Rather, it's remarkable that Gaold kept his feelings for you even through that pain."
Kangnan said.
"I tried to stop him, but it was no use. How can you stop a
person's heart? Anyway, there's no good for you to be here. Just leave."
"Leave?"
If Gaold could fight more with the power of hatred, it would be better
for Kangnan to follow her advice.
'Gaold... doesn't love me.'
Lost in her complex emotions, she suddenly heard Gaold's voice.
"Miro."
Turning her head, she saw Gaold calmly looking up at the sky.
Shirone, having spread his wings, was swiftly covering the vast plains
of the southern continent.
'There it is.'
Past a prairie where wild animals roamed freely, a desert-colored city
stood.
Having left Tormia via spatial displacement, Shirone found himself in
the southern kingdom of Pessia.
The space displacement terminal was available because the demons hadn't
reached there yet, but more importantly, he had come based on what Nade had told him before
leaving.
"You received an investment from Fermi?"
Nade had pulled Shirone aside in front of the bar restroom the night
before to inform him.
"Yeah. But there was a condition. He asked to meet you and
mentioned Pessia's weapons shop."
Nade quickly added.
"Of course, I refused. No matter how important investment is, I
won't sell out a friend. But..."
"But?"
"It was okay. He said to forget the condition and just make the
contract. He didn't even ask me to pass this message to you."
Shirone stroked his chin.
"Hmm, that's very Fermi-like."
"Yeah. He probably knew I'd tell you this story eventually. Anyway,
there's no loss in sharing information."
As always, his knack for delving into human psychology and conducting
business seemed intact.
"Alright, I'll go check it out."
"Really?"
"I have to use the terminal to get to the Ivory Tower anyway. I'll
stop by on the way. I'm curious why they're looking for me."
Arriving in the capital of Pessia, Shirone looked around at a scene
different from what he expected.
'What is this...'
Although the demons hadn't entered yet, it was lawless enough that they
didn't need to.
"Hahaha! Die! Die!"
Bandits riding carriages were indiscriminately shooting arrows at the
residents.
Their eyes were not normal, clearly either insane or drugged.
"Please save me!"
Most residents had fled into their homes, but a barefoot girl had
nowhere to hide.
"Got one!"
As an arrow flew towards the crouching girl's back, Shirone caught it
with his hand.
"Huh? Hehe, did I see that wrong?" Even in the face of a
clearly magical phenomenon, the bandits thought it was just a hallucination.
"What are you doing now?"
"Wow! It's prey."
As they drooled and aimed their arrows again, Shirone cast a Photon
Cannon.
With a bang, the carriage exploded, and the bandits rolled on the ground
but were not startled.
"The world spins, spins."
Ignoring them, Shirone checked on the girl.
"Are you okay? What happened to the city?"
"I didn't do anything wrong," she trembled.
Seeing the girl's back, Shirone noticed the injection marks on her
arm.
"Could it be..."
"I'll tell you."
Turning at the sound from behind, Shirone saw a man in a neat suit
standing there.
He bowed politely.
"You are Ariane Shirone, right? I've been waiting for you. I will
guide you from now on."
Given the city's dismal first impression, Shirone followed the man
without even a greeting.
'This is unbelievable.'
As he followed him, the reality of the city he observed was far more
terrible than expected.
Everyone was drugged, and vandalism was commonplace.
"Has the whole city been taken over by drugs?"
"We just provided what they wanted. The fear of war, the pain of
poverty, it all originates in the brain. If pleasure can be provided, why not?"
"No. This is unforgivable."
"I suppose you would say that. You should speak directly to Mr.
Fermi."
The man stopped in front of a massive building adorned with the symbol
of the Golden Circle on its spire.
Inside, it was like entering another world; it was clean, and there were
no drug-addicted people in sight.
'What on earth is he thinking?' Fermi's thoughts had always been
unpredictable, even during their school days.
After taking the elevator to the 17th floor, they walked through a
corridor with a red carpet.
At the end of the corridor, he opened a door to a large office decorated
with floor-to-ceiling windows.
Shirone had frequented the Ivory Tower as one of the Five Great Stars,
but even that place was not as lavish as this office.
"You've arrived, Shirone."
Even as the man sitting on the sofa with his legs crossed spoke, Shirone
didn't recognize him immediately.
"Fermi?"
His hair was dyed in flashy colors and he had a thick beard, looking
every bit the stereotypical drug lord.
"Sit down. You look good. No need for pleasantries between us. Oh,
and bring some tea."
"Yes."
After the man left and closed the door, Shirone strode towards
Fermi.
"What did you want to see me for?"
"You didn't used to be so impatient. What, you don't like the
city?"
"Just answer my question."
Fermi, smiling politely, flicked a chip made outside of regulations with
his thumb.
"Let's make a deal, Shirone."