Chapter 885:
Memory (3)
"Deal?"
Shirone's gaze followed the chip Fermi tossed.
A deal of depreciation.
At the time, he was tied to Valhalla Action's debt, but he had heard of
Fermi's abilities.
"What kind of deal?"
Fermi stood up from his chair and looked out at the cityscape through
the large glass window.
"Tea is served." The secretary came in, placed the teacups on
the table, and silently left the office.
"As you know, I sell drugs. The central continent has been trampled
by demons, but all seven kingdoms of the southern continent are in my hands. Even the royalty are
addicted to my drugs."
"Are you bragging about that? None of my other classmates have
become as ruined as you."
Fermi smirked.
"Did you have a good funeral?" "Pisho's will, huh. You
won't tell me anyway. But it doesn't matter. I can roughly guess what it was about."
Shirone didn't believe him.
"What was it about?"
"The biological program Argones. It must have been about the
singularity that will soon engulf this world."
Fermi laughed and turned around.
"If you think I'm just a drug dealer, that's disappointing. I'm
fighting for the world in my own way too."
"Under code."
Fermi picked up a vial from the desk.
"Dream Star. You've heard of it, right? Information discarded in
reality accumulates in the Abyss."
"So what?"
Fermi took a sip of tea and then threw the cup at the window with all
his might.
With a crash, the shards scattered.
"What do you think?"
Shirone watched silently.
"The moment I threw the cup, the future was already decided. How
many pieces it would break into, what shapes they would take. So what about me?"
Fermi pointed to himself.
"Was taking a sip of tea my will, or the action of matter? If you
turned back time, would I not have drunk the tea?"
If humans were free from the flow of time, different results would come
out every time they performed a time vibration.
"Everything is already decided. My future, your future. The world
of the Abyss is not just waste. It's precious information that has passed through all the filters of the
future."
"I understand what you're saying."
If Fermi's method was correct, he could predict the future of this world
to some extent.
"So the world might end soon. But what does that have to do with
you selling drugs?"
"Hmm. Do you know how much I earn?"
"No."
"Astronomical. You can't even imagine. And all that money becomes
the foundation for my off-the-record meals."
Fermi flicked another chip into the air and caught it with a
smile.
"It's good to have some insurance, right?"
Shirone understood.
"You want to buy my magic?"
"In the deal of depreciation, the value of magic is based on the
rationality I set. Yahweh's magic. Even selling a kingdom wouldn't be enough to borrow it for a moment.
It's too expensive."
Fermi continued.
"But I've saved up."
Enough to build several kingdoms.
"Of course, within the rules of off-the-record meals. I can only
buy magic with money earned through deals."
If what Fermi said was true, there would be two people who could use
Yahweh's magic.
"Why not leave it to me? You seem to be struggling. I'll save the
world for you."
He could pass all the burdens to Fermi.
The countless pains he had to endure alone flashed through Shirone's
mind.
'Fermi is...
As much as he hated to admit it, Fermi was strong.
Not only was his off-the-record meals perfected, but his judgment,
thinking, knowledge, and psychological warfare were all nearly perfect.
'I don't want to be a hero.'
If Fermi could defeat Nane and save the world, it didn't matter.
"I refuse."
Fermi smiled at Shirone's words.
"Well, it would be a waste to give up a position like one of the
Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower."
"That's not the issue. Even if you're stronger than me, the money
you gathered by causing so much suffering to people. I can't sell Yahweh's power to you."
As always, Fermi didn't get excited.
Every time Shirone saw his calm face, he felt trapped, but he had to
keep his composure.
"Then how about this?"
Fermi leaned in and whispered into Shirone's ear.
Hearing his low voice, Shirone's pupils dilated.
Standing alone on the beach, Gaold looked at the sun rising over the
horizon.
Since regaining consciousness, he hadn't attacked Miro, but his cold
attitude hadn't changed.
Miro vented her complex feelings with irritation.
"Why? Want to go another round?"
Kangnan spoke.
"Gaold isn't that stupid. He lost his reason when he saw you in an
excited state... If the line between love and hate is thin, the opposite is also true."
'He's still in his mind.'
That fact made Kangnan feel sad.
"Miro."
Hearing Gaold's voice, Miro grumbled as she approached him.
"Did you call?"
Gaold looked at Miro.
A burning desire rose from within his chest, but it soon turned to
anger.
'It hurts.'
To Gaold, Miro was pain itself.
Miro spoke.
"Your gaze is so fierce. Do you hate me that much? Then why not
just slap me?"
"It would be somewhat effective."
Earning her resentment was better than forgetting her forever.
Miro looked back at the sea.
"Do you remember what you said in Zion? You told me you'd come back
anytime if you couldn't endure it anymore."
"I did."
"Can't you just come back now? You don't have to fight anymore,
I'll be by your side..."
"Weakling."
Miro frowned.
"Yeah, you idiot! This is all your fault! Why did you mess up my
life! Honestly, I don't like you!"
Gaold turned away coldly.
"Leave. This is your last chance. If I see you again, I won't
forgive you."
Watching Gaold walk back to Kangnan, Miro was dumbfounded.
"You...
Is this really the Gaold I know?
Kangnan asked.
"Are you okay?"
She couldn't fathom Gaold's mind, fighting while hating the woman he
loved.
"Let's leave. We're going to the central continent. Everything will
be decided there."
As the three walked away, Miro, left alone on the beach, ground her
teeth.
"Fine, great! This is the end. It was disgusting meeting you, let's
never see each other again! Got it?"
Gaold didn't even respond.
"I'm going back."
If she stayed here any longer, she might lose even her extreme
will.
"I'm going back!"
The only crack in her extreme spirit made Miro's heart ache.
'He came to save me.'
Since meeting at the magic school, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say
he lived his whole life for Miro.
"This is driving me crazy!"
Having made her decision, Miro quickly caught up with Gaold.
"I'm coming with you! I'm going too!"
Seven days after Pisho's funeral, the demons finally took over the
capital of Kazra.
Most of the royalty were executed, and the citizens were incorporated
into the army of hell through ideological education.
"With the spiritual realm closed, we'll have to use
humans."
The number of demons still exceeded 200 million, but it was no longer
just their war.
"In a month. If we capture Tormia within that time, the war will
end. After that, they're useless."
Balkan's plan was to eliminate all humans on the planet after winning
the war.
"Why do we have to do that?"
Since it was Havitz' will, the one who asked the question was not Balkan
but Havitz.
"Eliminate all humans?"
"Yes. Kill them all and then we'll die too. That's fine, but
why?"
"Because I'm curious."
Havitz stroked his mustache as he spoke.
"That's all. The first murderer probably thought the same. What
happens if I kill? So he tried it. If he didn't like it, he wouldn't have done it again, but he did. He
could take what belonged to the person, and they wouldn't annoy him anymore. So many people do
it."
"Chaos existed before evil. Curiosity about
possibilities."
Havitz nodded.
"This war is the same. Aren't you curious what will happen if we
kill everyone? Let's find out."
"Nothing might happen."
Havitz grinned.
"That's interesting too. It proves humans are meaningless. But if
they're special..."
Havitz looked up at the night sky.
"Wouldn't something happen? Maybe a god will come down and say,
'You have won.'"
Smoto spoke.
"I hope nothing happens. That's my preference. It's
thrilling."
"We'll decide that when the time comes..."
As Havitz used his transformation technique, Balkan and Smoto's brains
couldn't perceive him.
"Tonight, we'll raid the enemy camp. Tell Natasha. And
Zetaro..."
Havitz said.
"I'm going for a walk."
Balkan and Smoto turned their heads to see Havitz already ten steps
away.
'Vanishing.'
The truly eerie thing was not that they couldn't see Havitz, but that he
had disappeared from their minds as well.
'Havitz is free.'
He is extreme because he can do anything.
"Ooh."
Natasha's eyes, with her eyelids neatly cut off, captured the view of
the enemy camp.
Her gaze was fixed, a curious smile on her lips, and she held her wrists
together with her knees drawn up.
'Amazing.'
She could feel the energy, being the best in the world in combat.
"What are you doing? In that strange pose."
Zetaro yawned as he approached.
"Over there," Natasha pointed towards the enemy lines.
"There's something tremendous there. I don't know who it is, but
every time it breathes, it feels like the world is being sucked in. I want to check it out
quickly."
"Is there someone that strong?"
Given that it was Natasha who made the assessment, even Zetaro peered
into the darkness towards the enemy lines.
"I'm not sure. Just wait a bit. Balkan said we'd strike tonight.
I'll sleep a bit more. Oh, right."
Turning around, Zetaro suddenly realized and asked, "We can win,
right?" Natasha did not respond.
At the Valkyrie barracks, situated one kilometer away from the demon
army, Tess was on guard.
"Something's not right..."
Externally, it seemed like any other day, but unusually today, her heart
was pounding.
'These kinds of days, something always happens.'
Rian's voice was heard.
"What? Are you still worried?"
He approached with freshly baked bread, tearing it in half and handing
it to Tess.
"Have some. You need your midnight snack."
"Thanks."
Tess smiled, though it felt awkward.
"Why are you like this today? You've been restless since earlier.
We've got our defenses all set up."
"I don't know. I feel uneasy. Like someone from over there is
watching us?"
Rian looked towards the enemy lines.
"Hmm."
He knew the law.
That Rian and Natasha's gazes were clashing head-on, across a distance
of one kilometer.