Chapter 886:
Memory (4)
"Emergency! It's an emergency!"
Just after midnight, a special unit of demons ambushed the right flank
of the Valkyrie camp.
"Move quickly! Move!"
Unlike before, when Valkyrie had to cover the entire central continent,
their defensive perimeter had significantly narrowed.
Despite a greater concentration of troops than before, the situation was
still unfavorable.
"Damn it! I knew this would happen!"
Tess, fully prepared, mounted her horse and led her subordinates.
"Tess."
Rian caught up to her side.
"Don't die."
In a situation where he couldn't just fight for Tess, that was all Rian
could say.
"Don't worry and go. Sweep them away."
As soon as Tess finished speaking, Rian changed direction and broke away
from the cavalry.
"Hoo!"
As his muscles twisted, his body transformed into a demon form, and
every time he hit the ground, shards of rock burst forth.
"That's incredible."
A cavalry soldier, staring blankly at the rising dust columns,
remarked.
"His stride must be over 20 meters?"
It wasn't just the length of the stride; he was moving his legs as
swiftly as a horse.
"It was originally the power of a giant."
Tess, looking at the horizon filled with the army of demons, drew her
sword.
"Rian will strike first, and we'll follow. Get ready."
"Yes!"
As the cavalry picked up speed, Rian had already approached right in
front of the enemy.
'It feels different.'
This detachment was only a small part of the enemy, but the aura was
completely different from the forces they had fought before.
'They are elites.'
What was Balkan thinking?
'It doesn't matter.'
Thinking was for the strategists, and Valkyrie certainly had brilliant
minds watching over this situation.
"Grrr!"
Rian's nose bridge contorted, and terrifying strength flowed into both
hands gripping the great sword.
If it had been a normal sword, the force might have crushed it.
But <Idea> withstood all that power, delivering an explosive
sensation to its wielder's hands.
"Yaaah!"
With a massive arc, the great sword's shockwave tore the demons apart
like cloth.
The moon hung in a fan-shaped view that had opened up.
"Hnngh!"
With a step forward after striking, Rian pulled the sword back and swung
it horizontally.
Once again, the world seemed to split, and where the flash of light
passed, the bodies of demons were cleaved apart.
At that moment, Tess's cavalry arrived.
"Charge! Wipe them out from the inside!"
Emboldened by Rian's initial attack, the cavalry charged with a fearsome
aura, thrusting their spears forward.
"Die, filthy demons!"
Boom!
Dozens of horses soared into the air at that moment, and the cavalry
finally realized.
"This...!"
It was simply that Rian was too strong; the demons they had fought until
now were nothing compared to this.
'We'll be isolated like this.'
Most of the demons had already pushed the Valkyrie forces back by tens
of meters.
"Tess!"
As Tess cut through the demons one by one to clear a path, she saw the
cavalry being surrounded by the enemy.
"Let's retreat! If we stay like this...!"
Sensing the killing intent, Rian stopped and turned his head towards
where Tess was looking.
"What are you dreaming of, you insignificant creature?"
A gray demon with the upper body of a praying mantis and insect-like
legs stood there. On its left were three slender, sharp arms, and on its right, one abnormally thick
arm.
"He's an officer. Everyone, be careful."
At Tess's command, the cavalry reformed their ranks.
"I am Yun-goe."
He was a brigade commander of the first legion, regarded as the
strongest in the army of hell.
"And I am Dae-seok-sang."
The ground thumped, but the voice's source remained hidden in the
darkness.
Shortly after, a demon whose face, large and elongated, occupied half of
its body appeared.
With bulging eyes, it split its mouth to its limits and laughed.
"I'll enjoy eating you."
Simultaneously, Yun-goe moved like the wind, infiltrating the cavalry's
formation.
"You first."
A giant hand flew towards Tess's face.
"Where is it?"
Natasha's eyes shifted to the left.
"Aaaaah!" Dozens of soldiers where she passed fell with broken
necks.
"Where is it?"
The Valkyrie company commander gave an order.
"Capture them! Surround and attack!"
But honestly, even he didn't know what entity was felling his
troops.
"It's impossible! We can't pinpoint the location...
Ack!"
Before the report could be completed, a hole appeared in the soldier's
chest as if something had pierced through.
"Damn...!"
What's the use of fighting if you can't see what you're fighting
against?
"Commander! Aaagh!"
As if multiple enemies were present, soldiers were collapsing from
completely different locations.
"Retreat! Retreat!"
As the wind whispered in the commander's ear,
"Gah!"
The scene flipped, and when he came to, he was floating upside
down.
'How...?'
At least, the fact that the enemy hadn't killed him made such thoughts
possible.
"Where are you?"
Holding the back of the upside-down commander's neck in her extended
hand was Natasha.
As she loosened her grip, he fell headfirst but quickly flipped to raise
his head.
"Gah!"
A woman without eyelids was staring straight ahead.
'It's Natasha.'
As if the situation of the battlefield didn't concern her, she didn't
divert her gaze and asked.
"Where is the strongest person here right now?"
The commander realized.
'It's an assassination mission.'
The location of the Knight of Maha, the unit's strongest asset, was
confidential regardless of rank.
"How would I know that?"
Natasha turned around.
"I'll let you live if you tell me."
Life was precious to everyone.
"Are you promising?"
"Yeah. It's too vast to search without help."
"Fine. I'll tell you where the strongest person in this unit is.
Right here."
The commander pointed at himself.
"I am the strongest soldier! So fight me, you idiotic woman!
Hahahaha!"
"Do you not want to live?"
"Shut up! My subordinates who died at your hands are watching from
hell! Bring it on! Try to kill me!"
Natasha looked around.
"Were they close to you?"
"Dieeee!"
As the commander charged with his sword raised, Natasha raised her
eyebrows and said,
"Sorry."
As the sword sliced through the air, Natasha's form blurred and then
vanished without a trace.
"What?"
It seemed faster than thought, and only belatedly did the commander's
cognitive gears start to turn.
'Combat Doll Natasha.'
The rumor that she was the strongest combat machine, devoid of blood or
tears, was well known.
'How much do we really know about our enemy?'
Perhaps that was the key.
Right before Yun-goe could grasp her, Tess twisted her body, stepped
forward, and stabbed with her sword.
"Heart!"
The strike hit its mark, but Yun-goe's face remained wickedly
smiling.
"Heh, the thing about my heart is..."
Before he could finish his sentence, his body shook and split in half at
the waist.
Rian stood between the split halves.
"What about your heart?"
"Aaaargh!"
As Rian twisted his body, Dae-seok-sang was seen swallowing a soldier
whole, crunching him bit by bit with his front teeth.
"Tasty."
The still-living lower half of the soldier flailed
uncontrollably.
As Tess and Rian felt a surge of anger and rushed forward,
Dae-seok-sang's body suddenly swelled.
"Huh?"
Boom!
Dae-seok-sang's torso burst open, a strong gust whirled around leaving
an afterimage.
"Oops."
Natasha, who had slowed down abruptly, stuck out her tongue while
maintaining her fist-out pose.
"It was too dark to see." Dispatching the brigade commander
with one strike was no surprise considering her speed just moments before.
"Rian, that woman..."
As Tess tried to convey something, Natasha, locking eyes with Rian,
flashed a smile and waved.
"Hello?"
From her body, the incarnation of a dark-robed reaper rose and vanished
along with her.
"Damn it!"
In the face of such extreme speed, Rian gave up thinking and blocked the
front with his great sword.
In a split second, Natasha, having spun around seven and a half times,
struck the broad side of the sword with her foot.
Before his brain could even process it, Rian's arm bent, and his chest
was struck...
"Gah!"
He felt the breath being knocked out of him and was flung tens of meters
away.
"Huh?"
Tess, who had been looking forward unknowingly, belatedly turned
around.
Instead of Rian, Natasha stood there.
"What just happened?"
It was clear Tess was no match, but Natasha seemed uninterested.
"I blocked it."
Whether she knew or it was instinct, she had reacted to her own
speed.
"Ho, really?"
Over Natasha's shoulder, Havitz's face suddenly appeared.
"Sounds fun, doesn't it, Natasha?"
Havitz's voice was audible, and his body was indeed present in that
space, though no one else could perceive it.
"Shall we check again?"
Unaware of Havitz's presence, Natasha kicked off the ground and charged
at Rian.
"Rian???"
As Natasha vanished right before her eyes, Tess bit her lip and prepared
to chase after her.
"You shouldn't go. That human is supposed to play with
Natasha."
Havitz blocked Tess's path and pressed on her solar plexus.
"Just wait. I'll go."
Tess couldn't move forward, but she felt no dissonance.
"Pretty, isn't she? Your girlfriend?"
Havitz's face came close to Tess's nose, but her mind registered
nothing.
"Sir! We need to retreat!" The cavalry soldiers saw Tess
pacing in place as if blocked by something.
But no one thought it strange.
"We're being pushed back! We need to leave now."
As the lieutenant grasped her shoulder, Tess, giving up on chasing Rian,
turned around with a sigh.
"Alright! Follow me!"
As Havitz watched her for a moment, he drew his sword and approached the
lieutenant.
"That's not going to work."
He grabbed the lieutenant's head, pulling him down, and his sword
touched the back of the lieutenant's neck.
"Shhk-shhk."
As he slowly scraped the blade up and down, cutting the neck, the
lieutenant continued to converse calmly.
"We need to break through at least 300 meters. First, we need to
gather our forces—Shhk-shhk."
Finally, the blade came out, and the lieutenant's head fell.
"Steady! Steady!"
The killing intent flashed in Tess's eyes at the death of her
subordinate, but there was no one to direct her rage at.
"These damned bastards!"
Cause and effect were mere illusions of the brain.
After all, doesn't the human brain in dreams resolve contradictions in
causality as if they were normal?
"Having a pleasant dream, are you?"
Havitz casually strolled around Tess, killing soldiers as he saw
fit.
Even as limbs were severed, their brains accepted the current situation
as normal...
"Hmm."
Growing bored of the slaughter, Havitz wiped his sword on a corpse and
turned to look at Rian.
"Should wrap this up quickly, shouldn't we?"
Tess bumped into his back.