Chapter 893:
Coming Disaster (2)
As Beric charged, Parkma let out an evil laugh.
"Really?" The realization that life exists is a tragic horror
in itself.
"How interesting." That very tragedy was the greatest pleasure
demons could derive from humans.
"You'll regret this." As the large axe cleaved through the
air, Beric accelerated like the wind.
"Haste!" Moving quickly behind Parkma, he extended his hands
charged with blue electricity.
"Electric Shock!" Parkma's face contorted in a jolt of sharp
pain.
"This guy..." Though not massively powerful, the unexpected
pain enraged him further.
"Arrrgh!" Seeing Parkma's eyes roll back, Beric cast a small
blizzard and shouted.
"Go now!" As the cold fog obscured their forms, Amy was unable
to leave her spot.
"Beric..." The military doesn't tolerate individuality. A
commander desires the maximum firepower a group can produce, not just a strong single mage.
"Yes, that's right." Magic is standardized, and the talents of
soldiers are overlooked, but Beric was known as the "Jack of All Trades" before he joined
Valkyrie.
"Amy!" Beric's shout echoed from the midst of the cold.
"Go!" Then, from a dark cloud suspended in the air, a bolt of
lightning struck down.
Boom! The explosion shook Amy into action, and she teleported
away.
"I can't let Beric's sacrifice be in vain."
Self-rationalization.
"I must survive." The numerous rewards of maintaining life
filled her mind, even just the ability to breathe.
"Shirone." Tears flowed.
"I miss you." Life can be beautiful, she thought, capable of
turning an entire existence into a garden.
"What is this..." She had thought this before.
"What is this?!" Now, life felt too burdensome, almost wishing
it had never existed.
"I'm sick of it!" Stopping her teleportation, Amy turned back
towards where Beric was.
Even life shared with Shirone would eventually be swallowed by
death.
"Sorry, Shirone. I want to take responsibility." Arriving on
the battlefield, Amy saw Beric still alive.
"Oho, you're already here?" Parkma, half-charred, held Beric's
face and ripped his smile wider.
"You, you bastard..." Sparks flew from Amy's eyes.
"I've been playing with this guy, waiting for you to return so I
could torture him."
Parkma gripped Beric's shoulder.
"Ugh!" The sound of bones crushing was heard.
"Hahaha! Now, do you see the reality? No matter how cool you act,
you're still human."
Parkma's grip tightened.
"Say you regret it. Then I'll let you go. In exchange, beg me to
kill that woman."
As Beric remained silent, Parkma grabbed his ankle and twisted, tearing
it off.
"Ugh!" "Hurry up and say it. I'm offering to save you.
You came back, didn't you? Just sell out that woman, and you won't have to suffer."
Amy's mind reeled.
"You..." In a rage, her body involuntarily leaped towards
Parkma.
"Damn, how embarrassing." Beric croaked.
"Amy." "Oh, good, good. Talk. Beg for your
life."
As Parkma smiled broadly and extended his arm, Beric smiled
faintly.
"What do you think? It's nothing, right?" Dying.
His face grew pale as he was engulfed in a bright flash and triggered a
powerful explosion.
Boom! "Self-destruct magic." Beric could have found peace
easily.
"But for me..." Perhaps the last trick he left behind,
calculating the odds of Amy's return.
"Thank you." He was a remarkable magician.
"What a surprise. Humans are indeed unfortunate."
As the explosion pushed Parkma back, hot smoke billowed from his
body.
"Unfortunate?" Amy was no longer angry.
"Don't joke. For a magician, death is just another calculation. And
now..."
Flames soared from Amy's body.
"Your chance to live is gone." Even as a fire giant over ten
meters tall appeared, Parkma laughed mockingly.
"Oh, scary. But what can you do? I already know your abilities.
That won't do..."
The fire elemental, Ifrit, grew more than twice its size.
"Connection." In a state of focus, she concentrated again,
amplifying her mental power.
"Connect!" And now, Amy continuously backed up her
self-memory, pushing her mind to the brink.
"Connect!" As her mind pierced through for the tenth time, the
last bit of her rationality vanished.
"That's right, Beric." At life's end, she smiled.
"It was nothing." As her concentration reached death, the
towering Ifrit scattered into flames.
"What, what is this?" While Parkma remained on guard, he
turned back to the darkness and chuckled.
"Yes, that's right. This is the limit of humans."
The realization came to Amy as she moved.
"Hmm?" The handle of the large axe ignited
spontaneously.
"Argh!" The fire quickly spread over Parkma's entire body, and
even the axe began to melt.
"You, you..." As the temperature around Amy rose, her clothes
and hair caught fire.
"Fire realm." Realizing the entire landscape was engulfed in
flames, Parkma stamped his foot.
"I'll kill you!" His desperate voice came too late; before he
could strike, his body, along with the axe, melted.
"Ahh!" As the temperature difference caused convection and the
concentration of oxygen increased, the fire grew larger.
Cooo! And finally, a massive whirlwind of fire, reaching a hundred
meters in diameter, shot up through the clouds.
"Commander! Over there!" The column of fire, clearly visible
even from ten kilometers away, momentarily halted the battle on the plateau.
Garcia bit his lip.
"It's Amy." While he couldn't be certain, as her mentor, he
knew the potential of her fiery eyes better than anyone.
"Send troops now!" He could already see flying demons heading
towards where the fire pillar had erupted.
"We must at least retrieve the body." He assumed there was
almost no chance she was alive.
The demons were faster than humans, but there was no way to approach as
long as the fire pillar raged.
"You go first!" "Are you mad? If we get any closer, even
our wings will burn! Wait a moment!" Even for residents of the underworld, accustomed to heat, the
current firepower was nearly punitive.
"It's weakening!" As the flames died down as quickly as they
had flared, the demons approached.
The rapidly cooled ground was solidified in waves, and Amy lay
collapsed.
"There! Hurry up and deal with it!" Burns marked her naked
body, and her hair was singed short.
"Is she already dead?" "I don't know! The legion
commander told us to check and kill her without question. Let's just stab her with a spear first."
As the demons surrounded Amy and raised their spears, a voice called out.
"Stop." The demons turned, shocked.
"Bu-Buddha..."
On the rugged terrain of the lava field, Nane and Shura looked down at
Amy.
"Is it that woman?"
The demons' shoulders trembled.
"Why is Buddha here?"
Nane, who had been surveying the battlefield to break through the final
barrier of enlightenment, saw the pillar of fire and rushed to this place.
"Buddha is everywhere."
Nane extended his hand to the demons.
"Are you going to stab the woman with a spear? It's too harsh a
punishment for someone who has burned their will to live. If you show mercy, I will not destroy
you."
The demons exchanged glances.
'What should we do?'
Buddha was terrifying, but failing their mission meant facing the corps
commander's blade.
The demons who made their decision frowned.
"Don't be scared. Buddha is gone. That's just an empty
shell."
Nane smiled.
"Of course."
"Kill her!"
Half of the demons flapped their wings and charged, but Nane raised his
index finger and spoke.
"Sermon, Break."
Dozens of red swords fanned out behind him and pierced the
demons.
"Argh!"
Not a single sword missed.
A demon who had avoided instant death by being behind Amy asked,
bleeding,
"H-How...?"
Nane, who had descended from the hill, walked over and spoke.
"Sometimes, I become Buddha." Such is the nature of
enlightenment.
The demon closed his eyes in frustration, and Shura ran to check on
Amy's condition.
"She's barely breathing. But her mental state is more serious than
the burns. She doesn't have much time left."
Nane agreed.
"Fire is the will to self-destruction. Opening the fire realm shows
how desperate she was."
In the distance, the voices of Valkyrie soldiers could be heard.
"Hurry! Faster!"
Shura looked at Nane.
"What will you do? Leave her to the humans?"
"Can they save her?"
"No. They might be able to treat the burns, but her mind is beyond
recovery. It might be better to let them at least recover her body..."
"I can do it."
As someone who had reached the state of Buddha, Nane could restore Amy's
broken mind.
Shura spoke reluctantly.
"But this woman..."
"Yes."
She was the person Yahweh, the symbol of philanthropy, held most dearly
in his heart.
"She's an enemy, in a way. Even if she wakes up, she might not be
friendly to us."
"Humans are equal before death." Nane extended his hands, and
Amy's body floated up and flew to him.
"What did she think of in her final moments, after burning
everything? Was it emptiness or love? I want to know."
Shura was curious too.
"Captain! There she is!"
The magic division could be seen rapidly approaching through repeated
teleportations.
"Let's go."
As Nane turned, Shura waved her hand and cast a Gestalt spell.
Their figures disappeared, and within ten seconds, the unit arrived at
the spot.
"There's no one here? I was sure I saw someone..."
The first reporter felt like he had seen a ghost.
"Was it a mistake? But look at the ground. How big must the fire
have been to cause this?"
"But the demons are dead. So who killed them?"
"Think later. For now, search the area thoroughly!"
"Yes!"
As the mages searched for about ten minutes, the sound of teleportation
echoed from the horizon.
"Damn! Is it over there?"
"Captain! Demons are coming!"
In the end, the Valkyrie soldiers couldn't recover Amy's body and
returned to their unit.