Chapter 895:
Coming Disaster (4)
"I'm going."
Many things were uncertain, but if he didn't control time, he wouldn't
reach the heart of the event.
"I'll see what kind of creature it is for myself."
With the bridge of his nose twisted like a wild beast, Shirone
contemplated the uncertain target.
"Grrrr!"
A strange headache pounded in his head from a memory that didn't exist,
and finally, his eyes snapped open.
"Done!"
The time power controlling 24 hours vibrated, breaking down the barriers
between the past, present, and future of time.
As the senses reversed, memories seemed to flow backwards.
Meeting Maicon, lying in bed asleep, making love with Lua on the beach,
dancing.
"This is 12 hours."
The memory of drinking at the party became reality, and the village
chief, Begpa, approached.
"Ha ha ha! You really are... Krik. Amusing... Magician...
Kikikikiki!"
Shirone's hearing started to cause cognitive dissonance as he reversed
the past into the present.
"It's different."
The manipulated memory.
As the information engraved in the brain clashed with actual reality,
his senses twisted.
"Shi... rone?"
Begpa's face overlaid with retinal afterimages, looking devilish.
"Aaaah!"
Finally, the manipulated memory disappeared, and in the moment when the
senses perceived only reality:
"Die, Shirone!"
A two-meter gray creature with shimmering black eyes reached out its
hand.
"Kugh!"
Using teleportation to gain distance and scanning the field, he saw not
a single human.
"What is this?"
With a face like a praying mantis and a flat, fan-like skull, its body
was mummified and its knees hyperextended; its arms were thin, wearing golden gauntlets.
"It doesn't exactly match, but it's a familiar form."
"Theraphos?"
Confirming this was the massive flying object hovering over Mero
Cliff.
"Yes. We are the Theraphos combat unit. You have betrayed the
expectations of Theraphos."
The alien creature, speaking human language, stepped on the sand with
its bird-like split feet.
"What expectation have I betrayed?"
No, if this moment is already an experienced past...
"What have I been through every morning before stretching in
bed?"
"I don't know."
Even if he used time vibration to navigate time, manipulated memories
obstructed the path.
"Answer me. What did you do to me? The chip in my head? Why did you
implant strange memories?"
The alien stopped abruptly.
"From the future? You are much faster than we predicted. But it
changes nothing."
Dozens of Theraphos surrounded Shirone.
"You have lost the right to represent humanity. From the moment you
transferred Yahweh's realm."
"I didn't transfer it. I might not remember because of you, but I
know that much."
"Comforting thoughts. How your actions will affect
humanity..."
Dozens of palms aimed at Shirone.
"Watch from the swamp of oblivion."
The Theraphos gauntlets activated, shooting sharp sonic waves.
Shirone shouted.
"..."
He certainly spoke, but his voice disappeared as it exited his
mouth.
"They've caught the sound waves!"
Surrounding noise converged to an extreme 0 decibels, causing intense
discomfort in his chest.
In contrast, the voice of Theraphos was vast and grand.
"Preserve the order of the universe!"
As if someone else had entered his brain to speak, Shirone could not
think.
"Extraordinary."
Even though he prided himself as an infinite magician with a flawless
mind, Theraphos was also a master of waves.
"Block the retreat!"
Sound waves tore the landscape, some turning into sharp blades aiming at
Shirone's throat.
"These things!"
At this point, any good feelings he had for Theraphos were a thing of
the past.
U | 99
Just stop!
The Homing Photon Cannon targeted Theraphos warriors individually and
swooped in.
Zing! Zing! Zing! Zing!
An invisible ripple spread in front of Theraphos, blocking the burst of
light.
"Do you think it's right?"
The ground rippled like waves, and the air turned as solid as iron,
crushing Shirone.
"In this universe, on a planet that occupies only a small space, a
life form that has not been around for long..."
The roar of Theraphos erupted.
"Do you believe you can define truth?"
Even in a dazed state, Shirone clenched his fists and cupped his
hands.
"Elemental Photon Cannon."
Between his palms, powerful electricity gathered through
incantation.
"..."
Whatever happens.
"Let me speak too!"
The Elemental Photon Cannon tore through the barrier of sound waves,
vibrating as it extended.
Zing! Zing! Zing! Zing!
Electricity entangled in the wave barrier, causing some warriors to
convulse and collapse.
"Ha. Ha."
Shirone, grateful even for the harsh breaths, wiped the sweat from his
chin and raised his hand.
Dozens of electric spheres rose into the sky, targeting all Theraphos
members.
"I don't understand. As you can see, I am Yahweh. And even if you
left room for error, why are you attacking me?"
"Can't we win?"
Theraphos avoided answering, looking at each other before extending a
hand towards Shirone.
"Just go to sleep."
The chip installed in Shirone's head activated, and brainwaves turned on
involuntarily.
"Aaaaah!"
Tinnitus flowed endlessly, and intense headaches surged.
"Forget, human. You can never defeat evil. We will
judge."
"Grrrr..."
Kneeling and clutching his head, Shirone strained to raise his
head.
"No one can judge others."
"And don't you also judge evil? Have you not eradicated numerous
demons?"
"Don't talk nonsense. I only do what I believe is right. If the
majority believes, it becomes law. But that doesn't give anyone the right to judge others."
"That majority is your limit. We are Theraphos, governing the
entire universe. Human justice is merely a minority opinion to Theraphos. We are the law."
Theraphos walked forward, extending a hand.
"Truth is everywhere. We saw Yahweh that way. But you broke the
rules."
As the distance closed, Shirone's consciousness shook
uncontrollably.
"No! I must resist!"
He didn't want to wake up to a pleasant morning.
"Aaaaah!"
No time.
Even now, as he stood there, the world was being trampled by
demons.
"This is the end."
With the thought of a last gamble, Shirone pressed his index finger into
his ear.
"What..."
As he pierced the skin, he touched a cold machine.
"Fortunately, it's not deep. But..." As he slowly extracted
it, wires connected to the brain stimulated it.
"Grrrr!"
His eyes rolled up, and the brain's activities caused afterimages like
electricity on the retina.
"Are you intending to take your own life? Let me be clear, removing
that device will kill you."
It seemed likely, even without hearing it.
"I must regain my senses."
Tick. Tick-tick.
The wires, pulled out by about 10 centimeters, were unimaginably
long.
It felt as if all thoughts, even the soul, were being drawn out,
chilling his heart.
"Aaaaah."
Shirone's mouth opened involuntarily as the terminal structure of the
chip stimulated his entire brain.
"He's dead..."
Theraphos stopped talking.
Blood flowed down the wires connected between the brain and hand,
dripping steadily.
"Huh?"
Shirone experienced something strange.
"What is this?"
All the landscapes of the world, overlapping in temporal order, lingered
before his eyes.
Turning around, he saw another version of himself, holding the wire,
frozen in time.
Time does not flow.
"Because 24 hours have completely unfolded."
It was probably a side effect caused by the resonance in the stimulated
brain.
In other words, the brain was so damaged that it couldn't perceive the
flow of time.
"I'm really going to die."
Far away, about three hours later, he saw himself bleeding from the nose
and dead.
"There must be a way."
Shirone approached another version of himself extracting the chip,
reached in with both hands, and spread them apart.
In the world of thought and perception, hundreds of Shirone's overlapped
in the span of a second were spread to the left and right.
"Damn!"
Shirone repeated the same action.
A tenth of a second, a hundredth of a second, a thousandth of a second
later, he saw something other than himself.
"Surprise."
Between the domino-like Shirone's, a dark red sphere eerily
pulsated.
"There's no me in this timeframe."
0.666 seconds.
"If time is incredibly fragmented, there exists a timeframe where
nothing exists..."
Why?
"Why is there such a gap?"
To humans who believe the universe is perfect, the current flaw was
incomprehensible.
"It's necessary for something."
If the world is made up of information, air could be a specific signal
necessary for humans.
Approximately 78 percent nitrogen and 21 percent oxygen, with less than
0.1 percent of other information combined.
"Time is the same." Specific segments of information contained
in an instant surely affect the world in some way.
"Going deeper!"
Shirone clenched his teeth and continued to delve into time.
"More! More! More!"
Dismantling time.
As the acceleration increased, time expanded even before he could spread
his arms.
Among the many Shirone's spreading to the left and right, occasionally
something peculiar passed by.
"I can't stop."
Already split into astronomical fractions, it was too profound to
reverse.
By ratio, it would be a very small amount, so Shirone continued to dig
deeper.
"Come out! What's there!" Towards the end of time.
Perhaps because certain death awaited, Shirone focused solely on
that.
"It changes."
In that near-infinite moment, Shirone's form gradually began to
blur.
"Ha! Ha!"
Fear surged, but transcendent curiosity kept his arms moving.
"It's coming!"
He was certain the end was near.
The things rushing past to the left and right were indescribable in
human language.
"No, that can't be!"
Humans, this world, were entirely different from anything a mere brain
image could produce.
Frightening.
"Aaaaah!"
Crying, Shirone finally reached a state where nothing was pushed
aside.
The end of time.
"Ah, aaaaah…"
There was no form there.
Theraphos screamed.
"This is impossible!"
Following Shirone's moving hand, the wire connected to the chip came
out.
But the problem was, it passed right through without physically touching
anything.
"Was the judge right?"
"Ugh!"
With his pupils returning to normal, Shirone completely removed the chip
that hung from a long wire.
"Whew."
Theraphos warriors froze.
"How can a human..."
Sensation was impossible.
Like a quantum, existing only in a state beyond sensation, the ultimate
destination of the universe.
"The tenth sense..."
Theraphos called it the formless state.