Chapter 896:
Strike of Destruction (1)
Shirone endlessly split moments of time.
In the process, he realized that this world is never continuous.
'This world...'
The second hand of a clock seems to move seamlessly from 0 to 60
seconds.
'It's disconnected.'
If you endlessly split the time between 0 and 1 second, you eventually
find the void between moments.
'This world is originally nothingness.'
He recalled Pisho's words that feeling something exists is merely a
human illusion.
'Like a video recording device.'
If you quickly flip through dozens of photos per second, the brain
doesn't perceive the gaps in the images.
The same was true for the time humans felt, and Shirone thought of this
as the stepping stones of time.
'And when combining all these facts...'
It raises the possibility that this world, where everything exists, is
merely electrical signals.
'If that's the case...'
Where does the power that supplies the universe at this moment come
from?
'In the beginning, there was light.'
And everything started from that light.
Shirone imagined the universe suddenly turning on from nothing.
'Don't be certain. If I open the lid and imagine as I please, nothing is
impossible.'
Only what is closed is real.
'But if there really is a source of supply...'
The power needed to operate the current universe might not be as large
as one thinks.
'That's what scale is.'
The universe is vast to humans, but to the source of supply, it might be
no bigger than a palm.
'You could create thousands of universes in the same rank.'
In other words, there is a possibility that outside the universe Shirone
lives in, there are similar or entirely different universes.
'And if the world where the source of supply lives also receives power
from a higher dimension...'
New universes are created in parallel and in series, endlessly delving
into the void.
'Infinite.'
It was terrifying.
'How far has Goffin gone?'
The Gaia people left the photon system, but there's no guarantee that
where they arrived is the final destination.
'If they keep leaving like that, what will they eventually
reach?'
Pisho said it was infinite nothingness.
'I think I understand a bit.'
There is a world where only Shirone and an apple exist.
Shirone saw the apple and realized that nothing but the apple
existed.
'Nothingness. This is the nothingness humans can imagine.'
But if he hadn't seen the apple in the first place, what could Shirone
think of?
'He wouldn't even think he had to imagine.'
Perhaps the state of Shirone's mind is...
'Truly nothing, and therefore, everything can exist.'
Only an illusion without even the subject of the illusion flows.
'In the end, everything is built from nothing.'
Shirone felt a bit sad.
'Nane was right.'
As he opened his senses and realized new facts, the truth of this world
became clear.
'But I'm not wrong either.'
Nane said the same.
'If this world is truly empty, then the place where the mind resides is
the only meaning, isn't it?'
Thus, in front of the truth of the world, emptiness and love are
separated.
'I will fight, Nane.'
After finishing his thoughts, Shirone saw the Theraphos warriors waiting
in front of him.
"Have you arrived?"
The question was disjointed, but Shirone, who had surpassed them in
state, understood.
"Let's stop now. I don't want to fight. I just want to hear why you are
hostile to me."
"We are not human." It wasn't in a biological sense.
"To Theraphos, fighting is a dead language. We act only for the order of
the universe."
"You mean you don't like that order."
"Probably."
The Theraphos warriors extended their hands again.
"Because you are human."
As the sound waves that shook the heavens and earth surged, Shirone
disappeared from his spot.
"Slow."
Shirone, who had already arrived behind all the warriors, slowly turned
his body and spoke.
"No, I should say far."
The Theraphos warriors quickly turned their bodies, but Shirone was no
longer there.
Shirone, who had returned to his original spot, walked leisurely with
his hands behind his back.
"That too is infinitely far."
Or eternally slow.
"Faster than light..."
If the Theraphos warriors had expressions, it would probably be the face
of a defeated soldier.
"Nothing is faster than light. It doesn't mean it's impossible. It means
it's meaningless."
Shirone realized that all the signals that make up this world are
transmitted based on photons.
"The speed at which information is implemented in this world. We convert
that speed into time and feel it."
Even though he had reached a state that was theoretically considered
impossible, Shirone's eyes were calm.
"Therefore, being faster than light means recognizing information faster
than time."
It wasn't a matter of speed, but of perception.
"I feel the time between times."
The world Shirone saw with the sense of non-form was completely
different from what his brain had perceived until now.
'There's nothing.'
Only the Theraphos he wanted to see was there, and beyond that, there
was nothing but the realm of nothingness.
'If you don't perceive it...'
The vast sea beyond the Theraphos warriors disappeared from Shirone's
sight.
'It didn't exist in the first place.'
The moment Shirone's consciousness reached, specific signals implemented
the scenery at the speed of light.
'That is the essence of the law.'
Now Shirone knew too.
Unless he consciously perceived it, no world existed behind him.
"But the reason it also exists is because the Theraphos warriors
perceive the scenery of the village spread out behind Shirone."
'That's why it's non-form.'
Shirone was also seeing the world that Anke Ra saw and that was now
reflected in Nane's eyes.
"I'll give you one last chance. Step back."
The Theraphos did not give up.
"Didn't I tell you? We don't step back because we have no purpose. We
act by necessity."
The gauntlet of the Theraphos warrior shook and formed a barrier of
waves around Shirone.
"Zone of nothingness."
If it blocks convection, conduction, and even radiation, no phenomenon
can occur.
"I don't like using my body, but..."
The warriors, who drew sharp beams like blades from their gauntlets,
kicked the ground and charged.
"There's no helping it for foolish humans!"
The speed was astonishing, but it was meaningless to Shirone, who
perceived faster than light.
"Far."
Shirone, who was already standing outside the zone of nothingness,
floated a photon cannon on his palm.
'It won't be as easy as crossing space.'
Since the consciousness of Theraphos is also another signal that makes
up the world, suppression required collision.
'Increase the power...'
Shirone, who floated a photon cannon on his palm as a test, threw it at
the enemy in front.
Boom!
The flash broke through the shield and entered.
"Argh!"
The warrior, who screamed uncharacteristically for a Theraphos, flew
dozens of meters and rolled on the ground.
"It worked."
If he could break through the shield, there was nothing to fear, and
dozens of photon cannons lit up the night.
As the seemingly endless explosions ceased, the lonely sound of waves
came in.
"Phew."
Shirone, who had annihilated the Theraphos combat unit, took a deep
breath and walked.
"Did I not find out in the end?"
He tried to leave survivors, but the Theraphos were almost insanely
unyielding.
"What is that...?"
Shirone, looking at the horizon where the sun was rising, saw a flying
object on the Mero cliff.
"I shouldn't leave it."
When he fired the photon cannon, the air around the flying object
rippled and blocked the impact.
As Shirone, who was contemplating increasing the power, shook his head
and unfolded Ataraxia.
Boom!
The huge flash swallowed the flying object and eventually annihilated it
without a trace.
Shirone spread his wings and soared into the sky.
'Time is running out.'
As he tried to leave the island at top speed, a majestic roar was heard
from within the clouds.
As the clouds scattered like smoke, revealing a small part of the flying
object, Shirone squinted his eyes.
"Theraphos?"
A voice like a divine revelation was heard.
"Come up, Shirone."
At the voice of the Chief Justice, Shirone increased his altitude and
plunged into the clouds.
It was a city-sized flying object.
When he reached the center, a hole opened like an octopus's mouth and
sucked him in, ignoring gravity.
No one came to greet him, but one of the many doors connected in all
directions opened.
The place he was guided to was a village-sized cavity.
"We meet again, Shirone."
Thud! Thud!
It would be a human illusion to think that beings of the same species
would be the same size.
As the Theraphos Chief Justice approached, Shirone had no choice but to
look up to the end.
"Meet again? When did we meet?"
A long finger that seemed capable of piercing a human body pointed to
Shirone's ear.
"When I installed the memory transmission device on you. Although it
seems you've removed it now."
Shirone frowned.
"You put the chip in me?"
"Yes. To be precise, you requested and persuaded me, and I
agreed."
"What?"
Although he had no memory of it, even if he did, he didn't think he
would have made such a request.
"What's the reason?"
The Chief Justice turned his body.
The Chief Justice turned around.
"First, sit down. I'll take you to the ivory tower. I have something to
tell you."
Shirone climbed onto a chair that seemed fit for a giant and sat
cross-legged, waiting.
The Chief Justice, having set the destination, returned.
"First, I must apologize. I saw merit in your opinion, but it seems
other members of my race thought differently."
"What do you mean?"
"Radicals. They hacked the transmission after learning that you had the
chip implanted. If you hadn't destroyed their ship, I wouldn't have found you either."
"In other words... it has nothing to do with you?"
"I'm not trying to make excuses. It was my mistake. But I want to make
it clear that it wasn't the will of all Theraphos."
"I don't understand. You have a far superior intellect compared to
humans, yet you can't coordinate opinions?"
"It's rare. It means your opinion was that radical. But to be
precise..."
The Chief Justice leaned in close to Shirone.
"Even we, who dominate the universe, have not achieved a unified mental
system."
Shirone remained silent.
"Gaia. It's unique. Think about how difficult and great it is. To have
diversity among individuals and yet be able to think as one."
The Chief Justice touched Shirone's head.
"To explain the level of humans, it's like this. Murderers must be
punished. Most would agree. But even this, from the murderer's perspective, is different."
Perfect integration does not exist.
"Theraphos is a bit better. Whether to go left or right at a crossroads.
The correct answer varies depending on the situation, but our choices are always the same. That means
the standards of our actions are perfectly established."
"But this time, you were divided." The Chief Justice withdrew his hand
with an embarrassed look.
"Yes. That's how difficult the problem of a unified mental system is.
And that's also why, even though you've opened the tenth sense..."
A deep voice echoed.
"You cannot open the Ultima system." This was also a question that had
lingered in Shirone's mind since he realized the state of non-form.