Chapter 899:
Strike of Destruction (4)
The demons rushed towards Gaold.
"Now! Kill him!"
The moment red and blue bodies formed a flawless dome around
Gaold...
"Ugh..."
The air press burst outward.
The demons' bodies were torn to shreds with a loud bang, and Miro saw
the sky in her view.
"Gaold, you..."
Before she could finish, Gaold grabbed Miro by the collar and shouted
furiously.
"What are you doing, you fool!"
The look of relief that had been in his eyes vanished, replaced only by
surging hatred.
Miro, wanting to make excuses, yelled as she loosened the grip on her
collar.
"That's not what's important right now! I couldn't help it either!
The dimensional barrier..."
"Be careful!"
Kangnan shouted just as all the demons swarmed towards Gaold.
"Damn it!"
Gaold's hair turned white, and a powerful atmospheric pressure crushed
everything within the radius.
Cooing...
The crushed demons' bodies squirted blood like a fountain without even
making a squeaking noise.
"Get out of there!"
Gaold grabbed Miro's hand and flew into the sky, followed by Kangnan and
Zulu.
Miro shouted desperately.
"Let me go! I have something to say!" The reason the
incarnation of Avalokiteshvara completely collapsed was not just because her mind was shaken.
"The gateway has been breached."
Although it wasn't as intense as her previous meditative states, even
Nane couldn't easily destroy it.
"They came in full force."
Miro, gathering her scattered thoughts, shook off Gaold's hand and
stopped in mid-air.
"Wait."
As Gaold turned around, Kangnan and Zulu quickly approached him.
Kangnan pointed her finger.
"If you keep interfering like this..."
"I have to go back."
Miro, who had endured all sorts of insults and still held her ground,
narrowed her eyes.
"You're going back?"
Miro looked behind her.
"Probably, the gate of Chunchung-dong, which Nane tried to use, has
been breached. The army of heaven has invaded."
It was adding insult to injury.
"They need to act before they meet Nane. Or, maybe..."
They were likely targeting Zion too.
"Their combat power itself is the strongest, especially now when
humanity's strength has weakened."
What they feared was not a strong enemy but that the dimensional
barriers made direct conflict impossible.
"I'll go check it out. If Central Continent
stabilizes..."
"Wait."
Gaold said.
"Going there won't solve anything. And it won't be resolved without
you either."
To fight the army of heaven, at least Miro's mind needs to be in good
shape.
"Can't we talk about this later? It's urgent now."
"Going now only leads to death. Either stay here or leave me and go
to Zion."
Obviously, she should go to Zion, but the emotion that briefly crossed
Gaold's eyes held her back.
"I won't leave you."
Miro bit her lip.
"You didn't leave me. I won't ever leave you either.
Understand?" Gaold turned away.
"Zulu, Kangnan. Go with Miro."
Once they reached Zion, Miro would have to make a choice.
"Why us?"
And Gaold knew Miro better than anyone else.
"You'll find out what's right."
Thus, with a heavy heart, Gaold sent Miro away, passing by Zulu and
Kangnan.
"No other reason. Check the outcome in Zion. I'll head to Central
Continent."
It sounded almost like he was seeking a place to die.
"You don't mean..."
"That's not it. Get back quickly. Demons are a problem, but the
army of heaven is a really serious matter."
Zulu grabbed Kangnan's shoulder.
"Let's go. There's no time."
All Kangnan could do was handle Zion's affairs as quickly as
possible.
"I'll just drop off Miro and come back. Don't try to do everything
alone and wait."
After seeing Gaold's smile, Kangnan finally mounted Zulu's summoned
creature, Kydra.
Kyaaaaa!
Gaold watched as Kydra quickly disappeared southward, and blood spurted
from his mouth.
"Cough! Cough!"
There wasn't much time left.
"Heh, heh, heh."
Yet he could still laugh, for the most detestable thing to him was his
own body.
"Yeah. Bring it on."
Gaold glared at his own illusion standing before him, his murderous
intent evident.
"I'll kill you terribly."
The last fireworks of a life being burned awaited him.
"Is this...
As Shirone fell towards the planet from the Great Temple, he looked down
at the winding mountain range, resembling a snake's corpse.
Before he even entered the magic school, it was the dragon's habitat
that he and Rian had stayed up all night talking about.
"The Core sleeps here."
Blitz, who had transformed into a human form, flew next to Shirone and
pointed at the mountain range.
"Do you remember? We met you at the beginning of human
history."
Andre's first world.
It wasn't a period that a normal creature would remember, but dragons
did not forget.
"After you left that era, the Immortal Dragon told me to find you,
Shirone."
Shirone looked back at Blitz.
"But why now? It could have been any time after I entered Andre's
first world."
Because the promise became valid at that point.
"There was a condition. When you could understand the emptiness of
the universe, we would need you. It was close, but it seems we made it in time."
If he had been a little later in opening the sense of non-form, they
would have faced the angelic army without awakening the Immortal Dragon.
"Go, connect with our Core. Learn everything about this world
there."
He had a guess, but he asked anyway.
"How do I awaken it?"
"The Immortal Dragon only set the condition."
Nodding, Shirone opened the sense of non-form and looked down at the
ground.
'There is no form.'
The mountains disappeared, and something was sleeping in the void
between the information.
'Wow...'
A massive golden information.
'That is Karatorusa.' Time itself.
'Here I go.'
In the state of non-form, distance had no meaning, and Shirone's figure
disappeared in an instant.
Blitz looked up at the sky and murmured.
"The end of time..."
Shirone, passing through the realm of matter, arrived in front of the
massive golden information.
"I heard you wanted to meet me."
The light forming the shape of a dragon did not respond, and Shirone
slowly reached out his hand.
'There might be a collision.'
If the consciousness of the Immortal Dragon resisted, the information
converted into physical force would be close to a disaster.
'But it won't happen.'
Setting the condition of the tenth sense, the state of non-form, meant
that today was foreseen.
As Shirone's hand disintegrated into signals, it gently touched the
surface of the golden information.
"Ah..."
The information of Karatorusa rose like a mirage, and its eyes opened,
shining with white light.
"You carry Yahweh's information."
A voice transcending language penetrated Shirone's consciousness.
"Seeker of meaning at the end of emptiness, why have you come to
find me?"
"The army of heaven is going to invade this world. I heard you have
something to tell me."
"Angels..."
Awakened from a long sleep, Karatorusa recalled the battles with angels
that had continued from long ago.
"Are you omnipotent?"
Can you disassemble all the signals of this world?
"Yes."
As Shirone nodded and answered, Karatorusa slowly rose.
'I feel like I'm becoming immense.'
An indescribable sense of elevation surged through Shirone's
consciousness, connected by signals.
"Then I will tell you."
The golden Karatorusa looked down at Shirone and ignited its
eyes.
"All the information of this world."
It is called omniscience.
"The reason we have come here is to once again fill this land with
the mercy of the gods. The omniscient and omnipotent Anke Ra has entrusted this task to one
human."
Ikael took a breath and continued.
"The Enlightened One."
Dahlia Nane.
"Therefore, our first task is to find him. From now on, according
to the Archangel's command..."
As Ikael's voice echoed, the giants sitting on the ground
grumbled.
"So much talking. We should just fight."
Unlike the other giants, they did not place the mountains beneath their
feet, which was proof of their strength.
"Isn't that right?"
Giant Corps Commander Girshin looked at the one sitting cross-legged
with his chin resting on his hand.
"King of Giants."
Ymir raised the corners of his mouth in a broad grin.
"Hehe, let it be. Once we start, not even the Archangel can stop
us."
Despite being trapped in the ice of Helheim, he was unusually
relaxed.
'Freedom.'
It had been so long since he had set foot on the battlefield in his true
form that he couldn't even remember.
"Let's enjoy it. Even this kind of entertainment." Ikael
issued the orders.
"First, the angels will survey the entire terrain from
above..."
From the ground, Son Yujong shouted.
"Hey, shut up!"
The fact that she interrupted while Ataraxia was expanded made the Mara
shudder.
"Is that really a human?"
Technically, she was a monkey.
The staff she held with her toes extended and reached Ikael's
altitude.
"If we need to find something in Buddha's palm, we'll find it
ourselves. Do you think I came here to meet that old man? Where's Satan? Find him quickly!"
"Yujong, there's an order to things. If you defy the Archangel's
command, even you..."
"I don't care! I'll find him myself!"
As Yujong pulled the staff and flew through the air, a sonic boom
immediately followed.
The sight of her flying, compressing the air, looked as if she was
moving on clouds.
Ikael's confidant, the three-horned Mara Ashur, asked.
"Shall we chase and kill her?"
"Leave her be. More important is controlling the laws of this
world. Uriel."
"At your command."
Ikael amplified her senses and scanned the planet.
"To the south. The place where human laws are most strongly
enforced. Go and handle it."
Uriel turned towards Zion.
"...The destruction?"
"As you have heard."
"Understood."
As Uriel spun his staff and ascended diagonally, he quickly left the
army.
'Is Miro there?'
Arriving in Antarctica, he looked down at the white ice-covered
landscape of Zion.
'It doesn't matter.'
Whatever was there would cease to exist.
'Ragnarok.'
As Uriel's judicial halo spun at the speed of light, it accumulated the
concept of destruction.
"Uoooooo!"
As the angel's armor was covered in white electricity, lightning struck
and thunder roared from all directions.
"What, what is this!"
The monks of Zion, who had been alerted, saw the sky filled with
lightning and clasped their hands together.
"We must, we must stop it!"
Boom!
With a thunderous roar that seemed to tear the sky apart, Uriel's body
struck down like a lightning bolt.
"Damn it!"
And in the next moment.
'Damn it!'
A strike of destruction that collapsed the entire Antarctic continent
hit the planet.