Chapter 902:
Omega (3)
Kangnan's expression was filled with shock.
"Miro... you..."
The avatar of Avalokiteshvara filled the sky, looking down at the
ground.
"Ah. Ahhh."
Tears flowed from Arius's closed eyes.
'Undeniable perfection.'
The shock he felt when he first penetrated Miro's mind was still vivid
in his memory.
Hadn't he willingly become a dog, gouging out his own eyes, in the face
of such supreme purity that transcended humanity?
"Hehehe. Hehehehe!" He had surpassed even that.
"Bow down, humans."
Arius slowly knelt and prostrated himself before Miro.
"The person standing here is the ultimate good of
humanity."
Overwhelmed with emotion, Arius raised his head and shouted.
"The great and compassionate Adrias...!"
"Shut up!"
Miro ran at full speed and kicked him in the jaw.
"Ugh, so noisy! I'm already annoyed because I can't get my
bearings, and you're yapping away!"
"Whimper! Whimper!"
As Arius clutched his jaw and cried, Kangnan approached with a serious
expression.
"What happened?"
While it was fortunate that Miro's mind had recovered, it also left a
bitter feeling.
"As you can see."
There was no trace of trauma on Miro's face as she smiled at
Kangnan.
"It's over."
Gaold was no longer in Miro's heart.
The heart can change in an instant.
But Kangnan could fully imagine what Miro had endured for this
change.
'I can't do that.'
Kangnan couldn't be like Miro.
"Now I'm at ease. I'll take care of the world from now on, so just
watch."
Many monks had died, but there were no longer any wounds in Miro's
heart.
"Shall we continue?"
As Miro rolled up her sleeves and approached, Uriel, who had regained
consciousness, was there.
"Continue? Do you think I started something?"
Miro's lips curled up.
'It was certainly an embarrassing attack...
It was true that she had retaliated wildly just before being hit by the
Nirvana Staff, but she hadn't expected to come out unscathed.
"Hoho! You talk big. You couldn't even get your bearings after
getting hit by my infinite slaps."
"That's right."
Uriel was calm.
"Humans are the same, aren't they? When someone suddenly shouts
from behind or when they see a creepy bug." Miro didn't back down.
"Then what about kneeling? I saw it with my own eyes. You staggered
and then collapsed."
"That was..."
Uriel stopped speaking.
He had no rebuttal, but he felt ashamed for engaging in such a
conversation.
"It doesn't matter. Do what you want. This time, I will destroy
you."
"You're not normal either."
Miro raised one corner of her mouth.
"I know you're ignorant because of Kariel's symmetry, but it's a
bit much to say an angel is ignorant, isn't it?"
"What do you mean?"
"Kariel is..."
Thinking of the Archangel of Creation, Miro continued with a disgusted
expression.
"That guy is the epitome of timidity. A mama's boy with a huge
grudge. On the other hand, you're very bold. That's why you can't bring out what's inside."
Miro placed her hand on her chest.
"I understand you. Destruction is the simplest and most powerful
problem-solving ability. Humans face countless problems in life. For example, if a rival appears, Kariel
would seek numerous strategies to surpass him. But you, you just eliminate them, and it's
over."
Miro waved her hand from left to right.
"If you kill someone, the army will come. Then you eliminate the
army. If you're imprisoned, you eliminate the prison. You eliminate those who criticize you, the king,
the country...
It's the simplest and most powerful.
"If you eliminate everything, it's over. No more problems to
trouble your mind. That's why your destruction lacks emotion."
"You're greatly mistaken. We are not human. We don't think like
you."
Miro's eyes turned sharp.
"Then why did Kariel hate Ikael?" "You're the same. If
Kariel was obsessed, you're avoiding it."
"Avoiding what?"
"Ikael."
Uriel's halo, which had been shaken by Avalokiteshvara's attack,
vibrated once more.
'I like honesty.'
Miro continued.
"It must have been a shock. The symbol of purity, the mother of all
archangels, Ikael, loved a human."
Maclaine Goffin.
"Anke Ra erased the record, but you were already broken from that
point. Kariel was obsessed, and you ran away."
Miro twirled her finger.
"The ongoing question. Why did Ikael have a relationship with a
human? It drives you crazy, doesn't it?"
"...Do you know?"
"I don't. But I can give you a chance."
Miro spread her arms.
"How about me? I'm officially single now."
Kangnan's eyes lit up.
'What a lunatic.'
Before coming to Zion, she seemed ready to give up the world out of
concern for Gaold.
Uriel spun the Nirvana Staff.
"Die, Miro."
"Running away again."
As Uriel disappeared, the ice sheet exploded with a bang.
"Uoooooo!"
Avalokiteshvara's giant hand struck down on the spinning Nirvana
Staff.
"You won't know unless you dig in. Destruction doesn't provide
answers."
"There's no need to find answers."
As Uriel's halo expanded, information began to accumulate at an
incredible speed.
"Just eliminate the problem."
As the judicial halo Ragnarok activated, white lightning struck Uriel
directly.
Miro gave an awkward smile.
"Wait a minute..."
As Uriel charged like a flash, a golden bird flew up from beneath Miro's
feet.
'Force Metry.'
As Zulu, who had regained consciousness, pulled Miro out of space-time,
she summoned Kaidra.
"Tara."
As Kangnan pulled Miro and Arius climbed on, the giant bird flew
silently.
"Phew, when did you wake up?" Miro sat down with a relieved
expression, and Kangnan crawled over and grabbed her by the collar.
"You crazy woman! Provoking the enemy? Do you really think we can
win this war?"
"Of course we have to win."
Miro brushed off Kangnan's hand and spoke.
"The archangels are strong. I just used the method that worked on
Kariel. It seems half successful."
"How do you know that?"
Miro grinned.
"That guy is interested in me." She realized this when she was
taken to heaven.
"Of course, it's just curiosity. But you know, sometimes a small
crack can..." Miro's head turned to the side.
"Grow uncontrollably."
Kangnan pouted.
"So you've forgotten Gaold now?"
"Gaold? Who's that?"
Seeing Miro's playful response, Kangnan gritted her teeth.
"Should I tell you? You're not the ultimate good, just a crazy
seeker with a rotten personality."
Arius interjected.
"That's not true. In the face of a great mind, ordinary emotions
are just mundane..."
"Shut up. What did you do right? Thanks to you, Zion's forces are
in ruins."
As Arius shrank back, Zulu asked.
"What will you do now?"
"Honestly, I don't want to die yet. Without me, humanity would be
in danger. That's why I didn't settle things with Uriel."
Kangnan asked.
"You couldn't win?"
"Hmm, it's quite subtle. If we fought ten times, I'd win five and
lose five. But there's no next time in real battles, so I could have died. Of course, if I get my
bearings, it might be different."
Miro raised her hand and emphasized.
"Anyway, we should only settle things when many issues are
resolved. Right now, we have bigger problems than taking down one general."
"What problem?"
"Shirone."
Zulu turned her head.
"The heavenly army is looking for Nane. We can't win the war
without Shirone on our side."
Kangnan understood.
"So what we need to do is..."
"First, we need to find out where Shirone is. And if he's doing
something..."
It was puzzling that Shirone hadn't come while the heavenly army
attacked Zion.
"We have to buy time." Zulu said.
"I'll go to the central continent."
No one objected, and Miro rested her chin in thought.
'What are you really doing?'
'Gaia. Truly an amazing race.' The primordial Gaia, who had lost their
memories due to the missing link, had endlessly prospered.
They advanced from primitive times to the civilization of Shirone's era
and beyond to the most advanced scientific civilization.
However, their material development was just a fragment compared to the
mental development they would achieve.
'Their senses are expanding.'
The process of reaching time, space, the spiritual world, the unified
field, and truth was astonishing. And finally.
In Omega year 133.
At the point where 13.3% of the signals that make up the world
converged, Gaia advanced to a new stage.
"Good morning, Yorham."
"A special morning indeed."
Many Gaia were entering the massive structure they had created.
There were no classes, no hierarchy in life.
What they had gained at the end of endless conflict and strife was
complete peace between lives.
To them, humanity was no longer hell.
"Today will be the most significant day in the history of our
species, Gaia!"
Yorham shouted.
"We have fought countless battles and learned much. We have
understood everything about the world, and now it is time to move towards a better world."
Whether present or not, no one found Yorham's words disagreeable.
"I am honored to declare this on behalf of Gaia. This is our
future!" As Yorham turned and pointed, there was a massive machine the same size as the
structure.
"The Immortality Program! This is Argo!" Lights came on from
numerous panels, and a sphere at the top of the device descended, defying gravity.
The sphere, which had been rotating for a moment, stopped and revealed a
massive lens as its surface peeled away.
"Greetings. I am Argo, the reincarnation manager of Utopia, the
Akashic Record. From now on, I will function according to the mission of safely managing your
reincarnations."
The applause of the Gaia echoed.
Argo, created using Anke Ra's biological model, was to guide them to the
world of immortality.
Yorham spoke.
"With this, our mission in this world is complete. Let us connect
and continue. Everything we have realized..."
"Why should we?"
At someone's voice, all the Gaia in the structure turned their
heads.
A rebuttal.
It might have been the first rebuttal in hundreds of years, and it was
shocking to those who had achieved an integrated mental system.
"What... did you say..." Yorham looked at the Gaia sitting on
a box in the corner, reading a book, as if he couldn't understand.
'We read books?'
It was strange for a race that had mastered all knowledge to observe
text.
"Isn't it boring to end it like this, with the endless dimensions
of emptiness?"
The Gaia murmured.
"How can you say that? No, this is impossible. You know that, don't
you?"
Yorham spoke.
"Goffin."
At that moment, Shirone's consciousness, which had been exploring Omega,
focused intensely.
'That person is Goffin? But...
Wasn't he erased?'
"Yes, I know. But that's why this is clearly possible."
Maclaine Goffin, who had closed his book, smiled.
"Everyone thinks the same, right? Like me." In Omega year
133.
Gaia had achieved an integrated mental system that transcended race,
culture, gender, religion, and individuality.