Chapter 903:
Omega (4)
'I see.'
Shirone had met Argo when he fell into the Apocalypse due to Valhalla
Action's debt.
This also meant that the Immortality Program had not been activated in
reality.
Of course, Shirone would need to accept much more Omega to reach that
memory.
'Emptiness is not infinite.'
Having already understood Gaia's reasoning, he could comprehend it
without experiencing it.
'Even if you endlessly divide time, higher-dimensional time still
flows.'
He suddenly recalled the horrific situation when he entered the 19,000th
world of the Labyrinth Andre.
All humans had lost their reason and were writhing like insects in
narrow passages.
Perhaps that was the final outcome the Immortality Program would bring
to humanity.
'The Immortality Program cannot be eternal.' That was why Goffin sought
to break the cycle of reincarnation and leap to a higher dimension.
'But Anke Ra does not acknowledge the outside world.'
Ultimately, Shirone's era proved that Gaia's escape would be
hindered.
'The beginning of war.'
In other words, the beginning of tragedy.
"Hmm."
Yorham sighed.
"Must it be us?"
There was no answer, but Gaia did not need a specific means of
communication for answers.
"If not us, then who?"
Goffin stood up and looked around at the assembly.
"Let's go to the end of the world."
As soon as he finished speaking, all the Gaia present raised their hands
high.
"Hooray!"
As a massive cheer shook the walls, Yorham shouted loudly.
"Gaia will expand infinitely!"
Shirone knew how much sacrifice Gaia would have to make because of this
decision.
'But they are already prepared for it.'
The reason they were not afraid was because they were one.
Despite their different ages, genders, and inclinations, their reasoning
was perfectly aligned.
It was a unity qualitatively different from dragons who could access
each other's information.
'The pinnacle of intelligence.'
What would it feel like if all humanity in the world supported only me,
and that individual became the whole again?
'It's magnificent.'
Knowing what is right and doing it.
Tears flowed from Shirone's eyes as he thought about how much he had to
bear to save the world.
'I want to be there too.'
He wanted to dive into the midst of Gaia's group.
'It's so hard. So lonely.'
One day, humanity in Shirone's world would also be unified as
one.
After countless conflicts and repeated rebuttals, they would find an
answer.
'I must fight.'
Shirone wiped his tears and groped for Omega.
Many individuals were celebrating Gaia's new beginning in their own
ways.
"Beyond infinity."
In Omega's signal, Goffin's voice seeped into Shirone's mind.
Uriel, left alone on the Antarctic continent where all life had
disappeared, pondered Miro's words.
'My destruction lacks emotion?'
When did he, the strongest archangel in the universe, start being swayed
by human words?
Yet he couldn't leave because her words were true.
'Archangel Ikael.'
For Kariel and Uriel, archangels of creation and destruction, she was
their only cause.
'I don't care who you love.'
What was astonishing was that an archangel could love someone at
all.
"What is love?"
Kariel, who had obsessed over it and pondered endlessly, ultimately
self-destructed.
'Did he realize it?'
Did Uriel's only partner find the answer he so desperately sought just
before his demise?
'It's unpleasant.'
Adrias Miro.
Every time he thought of her, an indescribable unpleasant feeling
disturbed his halo.
"Next time, I will kill her."
Not destruction but murder.
As he opened his judicial halo, he accumulated a concept of destruction
on a different level than before.
"Is this enough for you, human?" As a white flash struck down,
Uriel's body pierced through Antarctica.
Boom!
The impact was among the top five in planetary history in terms of
shockwave strength.
"Gasp!"
Before even a death cry could escape fully, Great Star rolled her eyes
back and collapsed.
"Great Star!"
The four Great Stars gathered in the Great Temple hurriedly ran to her
side.
"Get a hold of yourself!"
Even though she was an avatar of the planet, there was now a fear that
even this avatar could perish.
"This is impossible."
From the planet visible beneath the Great Temple, Antarctica was
disappearing.
Amanta spoke up.
"This is just the beginning. If those guys rampage here, it's only
a matter of time before destruction."
"Freed..."
At Great Star's voice, Freed quickly lowered his head while supporting
her.
"Are you conscious?"
"There's no time. At this rate, the planet will stop functioning.
Take me to the central continent."
"The central continent?"
Minerva raised an eyebrow.
"There's no need for you to go to the battlefield. The stars of the
Ivory Tower are enough."
"No. There's someone I must meet."
Freed asked,
"Do you mean Shirone?"
Great Star shook her head and spoke with determination in her
eyes,
"No."
"Ogent Rian. I must meet him."
A body burning red-hot like a meteor breaking through the atmosphere
streaked across the sky.
"Those bastards..."
Son Yoo-jung, ranked second in the Shipro Conference.
"Tormenting my friend?"
While ordinary creatures would have already burnt up, her temperature
was endlessly rising.
"There."
Finding the extreme Satan was not an easy task.
An army of hell, roughly 200 million strong, was seen advancing together
in the sky.
"Intruders!"
Demons guarding the sky flew towards her, wielding flaming
tridents.
"Hmph, are they goblins?"
Having lived for over 10,000 years, she had grown tired of the demons of
this dimension.
"Ruyi."
Her red club began spinning rapidly, stretching to an incredible
length.
"Invincible Windmill."
As the club, now 4 kilometers in diameter, spun, the sky turned a deep
red.
The length it could extend matched exactly the scale allowed by the
user.
"Get out of my way!"
Theoretically near infinite, the Ruyi Bang swept up the demons without
losing any tension.
"What's that?"
The group with Havitz simultaneously looked towards the other side of
the sky.
"Huh."
A massive red sphere, clearly visible from the ground, was sweeping up
demons as it approached.
Balkan's gaze turned serious.
"It's not just about size."
Or maybe it was about size?
An estimate showed that the 4-kilometer club was swung fast enough to
create afterimages.
"It's coming."
As Yoo-jung landed on the ground, stomping on a demon, she slid as if on
ice.
"Scream!"
A female commander's face split from pain before she died, and Yoo-jung
turned towards the enemies.
The surrounding temperature rose as if heated rocks had fallen.
"Phew."
The demons watched as hot steam poured out of Yoo-jung's mouth.
"Satan, come out." Balkan thought.
First, seeing that she couldn't read the crowd, it was clear she was
alone.
Second, it was still dangerous.
"Quickly..."
Yoo-jung took a deep breath, clenched her fists, bared her teeth, and
roared.
"Come out!"
Her voice, which seemed to tear the air, was imbued with the ferocity of
a beast.
Balkan frowned, considering how to handle Yoo-jung, when a single horse
moved forward.
"What if I am Satan?"
Havitz stroked his mustache and said.
"Is it you?"
Yoo-jung lowered her voice at this moment.
She smelled the chaos that traced back to the very beginnings of primal
instinct.
"Well, okay."
As she twirled her Ruyi Bang with her fingers, Yoo-jung disappeared from
their sight.
"Just beat you up first..." Just as she approached Havitz and
swung at his side.
"Huh?"
Following a blurry afterimage, a girl with eyelids sliced off appeared
in Yoo-jung's view.
Natasha pushed the Ruyi Bang away with the back of her hand, ducking
into her embrace.
"I blocked it."
Yoo-jung was chilled.
While most demons couldn't even perceive her movements, she alone was
making eye contact.
"That's it, right?" As Yoo-jung stabbed with her staff, the
creases in the slowly flowing air were vividly visible.
Natasha twisted her upper body to dodge and struck Yoo-jung in the
abdomen with a direct punch.
"Why is it so hard?"
It was harder than any living thing, to the point where her fist almost
shattered.
"Hah, with just this fist..."
As Yoo-jung pushed power into her abdomen and retracted her staff to
counterattack.
"Oh no!"
Still pressing her fist against Yoo-jung's stomach, Natasha kicked off
the ground and bent her arm.
Like hammering a nail with her elbow into Yoo-jung's pelvis, Yoo-jung
was pushed back significantly.
"That's it!"
Natasha, having disrupted the enemy's balance, flew at the speed of
sound to unleash a flurry of attacks.
Havitz's army could only imagine the battle as they heard the invisible
sounds.
"Ow!"
Natasha's fist, swung wide, struck Yoo-jung directly on the chin.
Quack quack quack quack! After being dragged along the ground, Yoo-jung
finally spotted them as she looked ahead.
"Is this what Natasha can handle?"
While Balkan remained emotionally detached and assessed, Natasha raised
both her hands.
"You, you're really tough."
Blood profusely flowed down her hands, and broken bones were
protruding.
Balkan's expression soured.
"A tough type to break."
If Natasha's fists couldn't destroy it, then physical attacks were
almost immune.
Yoo-jung also adjusted her stance and slung her Ruyi Bang over her
shoulder.
"Hmph, you're quite fast too."
Though there were ways to overcome it, Balkan didn't want to waste his
strength before a major operation.
"What do you want?"
Yoo-jung, gently touching her slightly swollen cheek, wiped the blood
from her lips and said.
"Release my friend, Mortasinger. You dragged her into hell, didn't
you?"
"Mortasinger?"
Balkan, uninterested in the underworld, looked back at Havitz.
"I don't know."
It was unlikely Havitz didn't know about Mortasinger being taken
directly to hell by Satan.
It was merely a tool to mock Yahweh, and it was too bothersome to even
recall.
"Really?"
Yoo-jung crinkled her nose like a monkey and bared her teeth.
"Then I'll make you remember."
A terrifying murderous intent spread as Balkan quickly reached out his
hand, anticipating the next moment.
"Wait, Havi..."
But before he could finish, a purple avatar of Satan surged from
Havitz's body.
"Vanishing."
As all causality connected to Havitz was severed, no one could perceive
him anymore.
Yoo-jung also didn't feel the anomaly.
"What are you going to do? Bring my friend before I smash everyone
here."
Disembarking from his horse, Havitz drew his sword and moved behind
Yoo-jung.
"An interesting human."
The cold blade touched her nape.
"Or, not human?"
Slowly moving the sword left and right, it didn't cut her skin as if the
blade was blunt.
"Ah."
Havitz's eyes curved like a seagull's.
"We're connected."
He attacked the Idea directly.
"Slick slick."
Finally, red blood began to flow from Yoo-jung's slender neck.