Chapter 904:
Face to Face (1)
"It cuts well."
Even as blood poured from her neck, Yujong just stared at Balkan.
"I...!"
Air hissed out of the hole in her throat, making her words
inaudible.
"What are you saying?"
Balkan frowned, but even he couldn't doubt the situation.
Havitz's eyes darkened.
"If you want to go to hell, I'll send you there." Yujong was
still trying to speak, but no sound came from her moving lips.
And then, suddenly.
'What is this?'
Her wild instincts sensed something was wrong.
'Something feels off.'
The situation hadn't changed, but a foreboding feeling filled her
mind.
'This is definitely...
The smell of death.
'I'm dying right now.' But how?
The enemies were still far away, and there was nothing around her that
could harm her.
"How could you know?"
Havitz leaned in mockingly.
"You're just a monkey."
"Who are you calling a monkey?"
Slowly turning her head, Yujong locked eyes with Havitz.
Her eyes shone with a golden light.
'Golden Eyes.'
The Eyes of Truth, capable of seeing through all things, passed down
from Sun Wukong.
Havitz muttered as he met her gaze.
"Seeing ghosts?"
"In my body..."
As the signal from Idea reconnected with Yujong, her neck stopped
bleeding.
"What are you doing!"
Spinning like a whirlwind, she swung her Yeoui staff, and a red
afterimage struck Havitz's temple.
Boom!
As the shockwave spread, a powerful storm erupted, and Balkan snapped
back to his senses.
"Havitz!"
As the smoke cleared from the ground, Yujong emerged, clutching her
neck.
"This is annoying."
More than the wound, what angered her was the lack of sensation when her
staff hit.
"Phew!"
As her vision cleared completely, she saw Havitz standing awkwardly
behind her.
Around him, twelve black shadows formed a circle like a shadow.
Balkan sighed in relief.
'She can't break the Shadow Prison.'
But the fact that Yujong could perceive Havitz made her a significant
threat.
"Using strange sorcery."
Yujong, bleeding between her fingers, alternated her gaze between the
army of hell and Havitz.
'Damn Archangel.'
She had a feeling Ikael had sent her to Satan willingly.
'I would have come anyway.'
Havitz sniffed as he approached.
"Why resist? Didn't you want to see your friend? If you die, you
can go to hell."
"Hmph! Why would I die? I'll beat you up and bring Mortasinger
back."
Havitz raised his index and middle fingers.
"There are two ways." The army of hell murmured.
'Havitz is negotiating...?'
Revealing Satan's nature meant the Eyes of Truth were that
threatening.
"Contract and sin. If you make a contract with Satan, you can go to
hell in a living state."
That was Mortasinger's case.
"And sin is following my path. If you truly desire it, I'll take
you to hell."
Yujong, who disliked complicated talk, found a flaw in Havitz's
words.
"If you can take me, just take me. Why do I need to trust
you?"
Balkan thought the same.
'I've never been interested in the other world, but now I can't ignore
it.'
It was no longer just a human war.
"What do you think hell is?" Yujong didn't answer.
"A place for the wicked? Where all the evil in this world flows and
suffers eternally?"
Havitz smirked.
"Nonsense."
Good and evil were human concepts.
"That's not what God wants. God doesn't care about such
things."
Balkan asked,
"Then what does God want?"
"A perfect world."
Havitz's purple avatar flared up like a wildfire.
"That's why God created me."
Yujong leaped back, and twelve black shadows bloomed where she had
stood.
"Shadow Prison."
The world turned gray...
'Time has stopped.'
Twelve priests in black robes rose from the ground, singing a
dirge.
"Aaaaaah!"
The music was so grand it could shake the world, but only Yujong could
hear it.
"Ugh!"
As the ground sank like a swamp, her body slowly began to sink.
"I'll send you to hell." She swung her Yeoui staff wildly, but
trapped in the Shadow Prison, it was futile.
"What is this! This isn't what we agreed on!"
She thought it didn't fit either of the contract or sin Havitz had
mentioned.
"I told you."
Havitz strolled through the gray landscape.
"You are evil itself."
Because she marred God's perfection.
"Aaaaaah!"
With her golden eyes wide open, Yujong sank into the ground up to her
chin.
At some point in Omega.
'This place is...
Countless years had passed since Gaia decided to transcend
infinity.
Most of those who had united in spirit had died of old age, and now
only...
'Hell.'
Only Maclaine Goffin remained.
"Ah, it's hot."
In the inferno of the superheated hell, Goffin sat cross-legged, feeling
the pain.
"When can I leave?"
A voice came from the flame-covered ceiling.
"Time remaining until purification: 664 quintillion, 3943
quadrillion, 302 billion, 392 million, 468 hours."
Based on the photon system.
"I see."
Shirone watched Goffin with a bitter expression.
'Even if all this passes, almost no time will have passed in
reality.'
The 0.666 seconds not accounted for in the law.
'Ultimately, the prison of time...
It was a necessary void to maintain the world's signals properly.
'The law was never for us.'
In Shirone's world, specific signals combined with quantum signals of
the mind to manifest.
And hell was just a garbage dump for processing those quantum
signals.
'Because of the 0.666 seconds, external signals are transmitted stably,
and because of hell, the mind doesn't go berserk.'
The world is perfect.
'Are they laughing?'
A chilling question crossed Shirone's mind.
'Is the creator of this world watching this hell with
satisfaction?'
Look, I made this.
"That's something we don't know."
Goffin muttered, but Shirone felt as if he was speaking to him.
But according to Omega's records, it was just a coincidence that they
had the same thought.
"So I'm going to find out."
It would be a rather tedious time.
"Kiaaa!"
Demons with heads split above the nose climbed the cliff, reaching out
with long arms.
"Eat! Eat!"
The inhabitants of the other world inflicted pain-based actions on those
who entered hell.
'That's their nature.' The mind used in reality flowed into the other
world, where emotions were dismantled in a pure state.
'For recycling information.'
It was always such a system.
"It's not bad."
As Goffin stood up, sparks fell from his golden hair.
"Eat!"
As the demons lunged, Yahweh's radiance flashed from Goffin's
body.
"Kiaaa!"
The demons' bodies disintegrated into dust, and even the flames were
extinguished.
Shirone was impressed.
'The infinite wizard.'
Gaia had known how to dominate phenomena even before the concept of
magic was established.
But only Goffin had reached Yahweh's level through endless
reincarnation.
"I've become special." The breaking of the law.
Anything that disrupted the world's balance could be dragged to
hell.
Recalling his comrades who had already left the world, Goffin willingly
embraced the pain.
"I will lead."
It was Goffin's first step towards facing Anke Ra as Gaia's
representative.
As Yujong was dragged to hell, she bared her teeth and struggled.
"Kiaaa! Kiaaaa!" The fierce cry of the monkey was buried in
the dirge of the Shadow Prison, but surprisingly, her upper body began to emerge again.
"Ho."
Havitz's eyes wavered slightly.
'She's coming out?'
Once in hell, there was no way back until the purification time
ended.
Yujong knew this instinctively, so she fought with all her might.
"You bastard! I'll kill you! Do you know who I am?"
The granddaughter of Sun Wukong.
As her golden eyes shone brightly, Yujong's body began to heat
up.
"I'm the stone monkey who can defeat even Buddha if I
want!"
Having realized her avatar and reached the level of a living being, her
Idea was actually inorganic.
It couldn't be destroyed by any physical force, and there was no limit
to the energy it could emit.
"Kiaaa!"
The Yeoui staff, inherited from her ancestors, extended horizontally
across the boundary between reality and hell.
'Move! Move!'
As her body burned white, the dirge of the Shadow Prison grew even
louder.
"Just...!"
Suddenly, the ground shook, and Yujong opened her mouth wide and
screamed.
"Shut up!"
As the Yeoui staff spun between reality and the underworld, the ground
surged like a tidal wave.
"What, what is this?"
The building of the Holy Temple shook.
Iruki, who was reviewing strategies in the command room, looked up at
the ceiling with a shocked expression.
"It's cracking! Get out of here!"
As Aromi shouted to Iruki, the door opened, and a messenger
entered.
"Commander! Urgent news!"
"What's going on?"
They had been expecting to annihilate the demons within 48 hours.
The mere fact that there was a new development, whether good or bad,
made Iruki's heart race.
"The Ministry of National Defense has detected a major earthquake.
The epicenter is the Abyssal Cliff, and the magnitude is 12.4."
"What!"
Iruki slammed the table and stood up.
"What do you mean? The Abyssal Cliff is a tectonic zone... No,
that's not the issue."
Magnitude 12.4?
In Iruki's mind, the scenario of such a massive earthquake played
out.
'It's enough to tear the ground apart.'
Initially, he thought of it geologically, but now he hoped it was just
nature's whim.
'Yes, it must be a natural disaster. It's impossible for anyone to cause
such destruction.'
It was a level of destruction that no one in the world, according to
Iruki's analysis, could achieve.
"Commander."
Seeing Aromi's eyes, Iruki regained his composure and bit his
lip.
'Yes, that's right.'
It couldn't be a natural disaster.
'The ominous feeling that's been lingering in my mind has become
reality.'
A commander asked,
"Commander, what should we do now?"
"First, assess the damage to the Abyssal Cliff..."
Iruki stopped speaking and shook his head.
There was no need to confirm; the area was likely already too collapsed
for the demons to move.
'We have no choice but to push forward.'
Having lost the optimal location to detonate the elemental bomb, Iruki
looked at the world map.
"The second location to execute the operation is..."
Iruki's hand, pointing with the command stick, trembled
violently.
"The capital of Tormia, Bashka."
A large city where more than half of the kingdom's population
resided.