Chapter 909:
Ultimately Human (2)
'Truly remarkable.'
Minerva was impressed by Gaold's extreme endurance.
'He loves good and, for her sake, doesn't hesitate to follow the methods
of evil.'
He would do anything for Miro.
'It must be painful...'
Even knowing that this world is just emptiness.
'A person who seeks life to the end in hell.' Gaold, who embodied
everything about neutrality between good and evil, was profoundly human.
"Why?"
Minerva asked.
"Why go to such lengths?"
Everyone in the Ivory Tower knew what kind of life Gaold had
lived.
"Miro used you. Even if it wasn't intentional, she destroyed your
life." Minerva's frustration grew as Gaold remained unresponsive.
"You even invaded heaven to save her! You defeated Nane! You wiped
out the southern demons, and now you've made Miro the ultimate good by giving up your love!"
"...Yes."
"Don't you get it? She squeezed you dry. She used you up and
discarded you!"
"Probably."
"Then why endure it? Living is hell. You want it to end. Why don't
you give up?"
"Again..."
Gaold slowly raised his chin.
"She's crying again."
Miro was crying.
Minerva began to doubt whether Gaold was even talking to her.
"Please stop! You're a magician! What you're seeing is an illusion!
It's not the real Miro! She's already forgotten you and is living well as the ultimate
good!"
When Gaold opened his mouth, saliva dribbled out.
"What do you... know about Miro?"
Singh said,
"Persuasion is useless. He's trapped in his own world and can't
accept reality. The question is how to deal with him."
Fried exhaled deeply.
'That's the problem.'
He looked too weak to lift a finger, but stepping into his range would
clearly be dangerous.
"I'll go first."
The strategy was for the swordmaster to bind Gaold's mind with physical
prowess while attacking.
Singh formed a seal with both hands.
"I'll bind him with law. I can buy you about 0.01 seconds
more."
Fried nodded and advanced.
"...That's enough."
Minerva took a drag on her pipe, and Amanta spun the World Wheel,
preparing for battle.
Despite the immense killing intent pressing on their shoulders, Gaold
was lost in Miro's illusion.
'Why are you crying?'
Why was she crying?
"I did everything you wanted. Now I'm a wreck. Crying won't
help."
"Here I go."
As Fried leaped forward, Singh's law bound Gaold's freedom.
Even as the blade flew towards his neck, Gaold's expression didn't
change.
'It's over.'
Even moving at high speed, Fried felt a flash of victory in his
mind.
'Just a wreck.'
Nothing more, nothing less.
As a flash of light horizontally sliced Gaold's neck, there was a sound
of metal breaking.
"What?"
Only the hilt remained in his hand. 'How?'
It wasn't an artifact, but it was a famous sword that shouldn't break
under normal circumstances.
"Ugh!"
Realizing the pain belatedly, he saw his hand was shredded down to the
bone.
'Vibration.'
The air pressure had vibrated the blade, sending shockwaves through his
skin.
'That means...'
Singh's law had already been broken.
Turning his head, Fried saw a dark hole where Singh had been
standing.
The air had pierced through the ground.
'Still no shock?'
Unless they dug up the soil, there was no way the ground could remain
intact with such a hole.
"Ugh."
Great Star closed her eyes tightly and staggered, while Minerva flew up
on her jet.
"Get away!"
The ground swelled like a balloon and cracked like a turtle shell as red
light seeped out.
'It's going to explode!'
Boom!
Crossing his arms in an X shape, Fried's body was swept away by a
powerful shockwave.
"Grrr!"
No matter how much external force he released, it wasn't enough to
escape the inertia.
'Weakening.'
Amanta grabbed Fried's collar from behind and ascended into the sky,
halving the impact force.
"I underestimated him. He still has more strength than I
thought."
Fried shook his head at Amanta's words,
"No, that's not it."
Gaold's breach was far more powerful than anticipated, as if meteors had
fallen from the sky, leaving a vast crater where the forest once stood.
"Are you okay?" Minerva arrived flying on her jet.
"For now. But I'm worried about Xing. How deep did she go?" If
Xing was pressed into the earth by Gaold's atmospheric pressure, his chances of survival were
slim.
Peering into the depth of the crater, Minerva muttered with a somber
expression, "It must be about 100 meters deep."
"I'm okay," came Xing's voice suddenly.
Turning, they saw Xing flying towards them, gasping for air, one
shoulder dislocated.
"You survived?" Xing pointed with her good arm towards
Freed.
"Divine Armor Set." It was the world's best armor, capable of
a 60 percent anti-magic effect.
"My aim was off by about four meters. But just the wind pressure
dislocated my shoulder. I almost died."
Though she avoided instant death, she faced it the moment she was
pressed into the earth by the atmosphere.
"That's humiliating."
Amanta's eyes narrowed.
"He may be a mage of the breach, but we are four of the Ivory
Tower's Stars. It's inconceivable that we can't defeat him."
Minerva agreed.
"Honestly, we are outpowered. We need to suppress him tactically.
It might be harder for Great Star though..."
Great Star, being an avatar of the star, wasn't affected by magic, but
could still feel the physical shock of the planet.
Freed got ready to jump down.
"Be careful, though. He ignored my charge and went for Xing first.
It's instinctive. He's a master of combat."
They all felt it in their skin.
"Let's go."
As the four launched themselves, cylindrical atmospheric pressures fell
one after another from high above.
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
"Move! Detect with the Spirit Zone!"
Though ordinary magicians couldn't even react, they were the Stars of
the Ivory Tower.
Upon landing, Minerva puffed her cheeks and exhaled green smoke.
Toxic magic.
"Air magic is his weakness, but... the quality and quantity of
Gaold's magic focused solely on defense was enough."
'Just one breath and it's over.' As expected, Gaold quickly created an
air shield around himself to block the spreading smoke.
'From here on...'
Amanta reduced the density of the air shield by half, and Xing
concentrated the law to create a gap.
"Break through!"
Freed lunged through the gap and unleashed a flurry of hits on
Gaold.
"This is the end!"
Blood splattered everywhere.
"Huh?"
Normally, the flesh should have been shattered, but instead, Freed's
fist tore.
'Air shield?'
The air enveloping Gaold like skin was flowing sharply like a
blade.
'An air shield isn't a passive skill. Did he deactivate the outer
shield?'
If he had removed the outer shield to save himself, he would be
vulnerable to their concentrated fire.
'He's still there.'
The fact that Minerva's toxic smoke hadn't penetrated was proof.
'But how...?'
While still hammering at Gaold, a ridiculous thought crossed Freed's
mind.
"Time-sharing?"
A technique to rapidly alternate between two power sources, maintaining
two active skills.
"Ooh. Uuuuh."
Gaold staggered, his eyes unfocused, letting out painful groans.
Freed burst into laughter.
"Phahaha!"
But despite his hearty laughter, his eyes held a pained
expression.
'Pathetic.'
Still trying to live, Gaold's brain, already damaged by pain and
pleasure, was toggling between power sources.
"Ugh. Uuuuuh."
The sounds he made while struggling for focus were reminiscent of a
terrified fool.
"Having climbed to the very top…"
Freed vividly remembered the shock and awe he felt when he defeated the
Buddha.
"Have you sold even your pride, Gaold!"
Enraged, Freed continued his assault, not caring that his fists were
breaking.
As the air shield's durability weakened, the impact began to affect the
flesh.
"Ouch. Ouch. Ouch."
Even as his flesh burst and his bones cracked, Gaold was looking at
Miro.
Sniffle. Sniffle.
The image of her, helplessly sitting and crying, must have been an
illusion...
'Why are you doing this to me?'
Gaold's heart was torn into a thousand pieces.
'What's the use of crying like that!' Now completely broken, he had
nothing left to offer her.
'I've done enough! I gave my life, did everything you asked!'
Sniffle. Sniffle.
'What more do you want me to do! I've become a paragon of virtue!
Shouldn't you take care of things now!'
Sniffle. Sniffle.
Freed's eyes blazed with fury.
"Die! Just give up!"
Despite the devastatingly powerful attack, Gaold paid no mind.
'What do you want me to do! If you have any conscience, tell me! I've
given my whole life! But why do you keep coming to me, crying and fussing! Why! Why! Why!'
Miro raised her head, her face smeared with tears, her lips moving
slightly.
Gaold.
Though he heard no voice, the shape of her lips struck a chord in his
mind.
'Shut up! I'm in more pain than you! There's no one in this world in
more pain than me! What more do you want from me!'
Gaold.
'I want to die so badly! I don't even have the strength to twitch a
finger! What am I supposed to do... how...!'
I'm in too much pain.
As Miro's words hit him, Gaold's pupils rolled back and his eyes
whitened.
"…What can I do for you?"
At that dry voice leaking out, Freed's face went pale.
'What?'
The world was violently shaking.
"I'll handle it."
Clenching his teeth, Gaold deactivated the air shield and charged at
Freed.
"I'll do whatever you want!"
Don't cry.
"Get out of the way!"
Freed shouted as he kicked the ground with all his might, moving to the
side.
"Damn it…"
But as Gaold's air press exploded, he realized it was futile.
The sensation of the air's weight increasing at a tremendous rate was
the epitome of horror.
'We're all going to die.'
A low boom pounded the ground, and the four Stars of the Ivory Tower
slumped, surveying their surroundings.
"What, what is it?"
Nothing was destroyed.
'The atmosphere rapidly dispersed.'
Where the impact should have been, Great Star was gasping for breath,
her pale face.
"I'll save you. In exchange…"
Lifting his chin, Gaold gave a dry smile and said,
"Take me to the battlefield." Amidst the silence, Gaold looked
up at the sky and muttered.
"Is it enough now?"
The vision of Miro sticking out her tongue and laughing lingered.