Chapter 911:
Ultimately Human (4)
Balkan gritted his teeth and muttered.
"This is a bit disgraceful."
Currently, the army of Hell was stationed in a mountain range 60
kilometers away from the Abyssal Cliff.
'To think it had that much power.'
According to Havitz's theory, it wasn't as strong as the universe, even
if it could tear the veil of the universe.
'The definition of destruction is the transcendence of the system.'
Ultimately, from a human perspective, destruction simply meant surpassing the limits of the biological
system.
'But that woman is different.'
The power that destroyed the Abyssal Cliff was approaching the natural
system beyond the biological system.
'It wasn't a power she had from the beginning. It didn't show such power
when she fought Natasha.'
What kind of mechanism is it?
'Flashback. Anger. Special laws...' While analyzing Son Yu-jung's
mechanism, there was a commotion from where Havitz was.
"Your Majesty! Please calm down!" Havitz, kneeling on the
ground, was clenching his fingers with a sinister smile.
"How dare... destroy the Abyssal Cliff?"
Every time the purple smoke rising from his body flickered like a
mirage, the demons suffered.
"Ugh!"
A kind of chaos.
If all were combined, it would become Satan's incarnation, but
currently, it was in a state of rage that couldn't maintain its form.
'It's the first time I've seen Havitz make such an expression. Why? Is
the Abyssal Cliff that important?'
Only Havitz knew exactly about the 12 apostles who stayed for 0.666
seconds.
"Please calm down, Satan."
A woman passing in front of Balkan said.
She was less than 150 centimeters tall, with jet-black hair and a pale
face.
Her abnormally large pupils, despite not having anything special, gave
off a feeling of insanity.
"Paimon."
The 9th Legion Commander Paimon, the plague of the demon world.
Originally, she served as the military commander of Hell's army, but now
she had been stripped of her position by Balkan.
'Is she still jealous?'
Even though Havitz was far away, he spoke because he was conscious of
Balkan.
'This time, there's no choice.'
If it weren't for Paimon's ability, the damage from the earthquake would
have been much greater.
She smiled at Balkan and spread her fingers like a blooming
flower.
"Regulation Ban (BAN)."
It was an ability to isolate a specific space and absorb the mobility of
those trapped there.
'It's certainly convenient for a strategist.' Except for the
cruelty.
'By isolating 6 million demons, she moved the remaining troops 60
kilometers.'
She was also the one who minimized the infection of Minerva's magic,
Walking Dead.
"Just by looking at your expression, I can tell what you want to
say. But it's a theory and ability created by humans."
Paimon puffed out her cheeks with a smile.
"Yeah, that's right. For a weakling, you sure have a knack for
tricks. Regulation Ban is quite interesting."
Only humans who are not in their right mind can become Regulation Bans,
but it wasn't a problem for demons.
The fact that she had already abandoned 6 million allies without
hesitation made her a Regulation Ban.
Paimon waved her hand.
"Taking an interest in humans is also a demon's pastime. Anyway,
keep watching, failed commander."
As she moved away from Havitz, Natasha quietly approached Balkan and
asked.
"Should I kill her?"
"No. Let's watch for now. It seems Satan's influence is stronger
than Havitz's right now."
Paimon whispered something to Havitz, who was muttering
incessantly.
"..."
Havitz blinked and looked back, and Paimon gave a chilling smile.
"It will be very interesting."
"Kekeke."
As Havitz's chaos merged into one, a giant incarnation of Satan
rose.
"Kahahahaha! Kahahahaha!"
"What did she say to make him like that?"
Natasha, watching from a distance, asked, but Balkan just rested his
chin and fell into thought without answering.
'Of course, I'm not a good guy.' He was the one who killed billions with
the idea of winning the great war.
'I've done all the bad things a human can do.'
Havitz must have been so bored that he realized the link while examining
the pupils of dying corpses.
"But Havitz is excited to die?"
When Natasha turned her head, sweat was running down Balkan's
temples.
"I'm really a bad guy... why?"
"This time, the creativity of the demons is ominous."
"Kekekeke! Kekekeke!"
Paimon, laughing with her eyes wide open and covering her mouth, was
glancing at Balkan.
Iruki jumped up and shouted.
"Let's think about it one more time!"
The commanders turned with surprised expressions, and Aromi hurriedly
approached him.
"Commander?"
Iruki's eyes widened.
"Oh."
The thoughts that had been swirling in his mind had slipped out without
him realizing it.
'Tremendous stress.'
He understood the feeling, but it was problematic for the commander's
inner thoughts to be revealed.
"I'm sorry."
Iruki confessed honestly.
"Bashka is an overpopulated area. If an elemental bomb goes off
there..."
He didn't even want to imagine it.
"Bashka is the capital of Tormia. And it's also where the Merkodain
family, your family, resides."
"That..."
The commander interrupted.
"We know that's not the reason for your conflict. We feel the same.
What we want to say is that ultimately, it's a decision you have to make, Commander."
'I have to choose.'
The lives of everyone living in Bashka were in his hands.
'What would my father have done?'
Would Merkodain Albino have sacrificed the capital's citizens for the
survival of humanity?
'No way.'
He would have found a solution in any situation.
'Of course, he wouldn't have found it.'
What he realized in that contradiction was that even such thoughts were
useless delusions.
'This is a situation only I have faced in the history of humanity.
There's no one to compare to.'
That's why the commanders had given him full authority.
'No, there is someone.'
Shirone.
If it were Yahweh of philanthropy, he would understand Iruki's situation
and feelings.
'Is that so, Shirone?'
Iruki's eyes reddened.
'You were fighting with such a burden on your shoulders.'
The commanders called out worriedly as he showed his emotions.
"Commander."
Iruki didn't wipe his tears and raised his head.
"Leave me be."
He was smiling with resignation.
"Before I become a notorious murderer, can't I at least shed the
tears of a hypocrite?"
Aromi's face turned into a frown.
'This can't be.'
Her job was to keep the commander rational, but this was too
much.
"Commander, if it's that hard..."
"No."
Iruki gave an order.
"There will be no change in strategy. We will lure the demons to
Bashka."
I'm sorry, Shirone.
'This is the only choice I can make.'
Because Shirone wouldn't be able to do it.
"Call the head of the Tormia Magic Association. And the manager of
'Rope' as well."
Tormia's top-secret encryption system, Rope.
"Lupist... and Dante, you mean?"
"Yes."
Iruki's tears had already dried.
"In the name of Valkyrie Commander, I approve the opening of the
biochemical project 'Flower Garden.'"
In the dark night.
When Amy, who had been training alone, entered the cabin, Shura was
waiting.
"You've been running around a lot. Are you fully recovered
now?"
"More or less. How about Nane?"
"Why do you care?"
Nane was kind, but Shura had become more irritable over time.
She had a guess why, but she wasn't sure and didn't want to think about
it.
"I'm leaving tomorrow morning." Shura's eyes widened a
bit.
"I thought it would be good to say goodbye in advance. You've
helped me a lot. Where is he now?"
"...On the hill behind the garden." Amy turned and walked to
the door.
"Okay. Thank you for everything." Shura stopped her.
"Why are you fighting?"
"What do you mean?"
"You know now. The right thing is Buddha. In a world where merit is
everything, why are you so obsessed?"
Amy looked at the door and spoke.
"A man who loved me died in terrible pain. To save me."
Corporal Beric.
"When you die, it's over, right? Love and everything, you can't
meet again. But he chose death. When I asked why, he said..."
Amy turned her head.
"He wanted to be an incredibly cool guy."
Shura looked at her sad, smiling face and closed her mouth.
"Humans die someday. But just because the ending is the same
doesn't mean the process is the same. He died, but he still lives in my heart."
"Still alive..." Shura recalled the will of Veron, the leader
of the Tenro Society.
'Live on.'
"That's why I fight. Even if it's just merit, even if this universe
disappears..."
Amy opened the door.
"My end will be more beautiful than yours."
The sound of the door closing wasn't loud, but to Shura, it sounded like
thunder.
Amy left the cabin and climbed the hill along the familiar mountain
path.
Nane was sitting with a blade of grass in his mouth.
"...Was it that uncomfortable being with me?"
He seemed to already know.
"I'm grateful for your kindness. But I'm recovered now, and I have
a lot to do."
"I know you'll be busy." Nane pointed to the scenery
beyond.
"Do you see? Just now, the energy of evil has surged to its
greatest size ever."
Amy turned her head.
"I can't see it."
"I can see it. The hell that will unfold in this world. It won't be
something humans can endure. It will be more painful than dying."
Nane turned his head.
"I have to end it."
Knowing he wasn't someone who would deceive with lies, Amy couldn't
refute.
"I've been thinking for a few days."
Amy sat next to Nane.
"You said you would love me. Do you think you can still love me
now?"
"I admit, it's not as easy as it sounds. But I've realized a
lot."
A true Buddha is not extreme.
"No matter where you go, you are ultimately human. Therefore, you
return to being human and transcend everything."
Nane's heart raced as he looked at Amy.
"The me of now is different from the me of before. Now I can
understand. I truly..."
"What if I come to you?"
Nane's mouth closed.
"If I love you instead of Shirone, can you fight to protect this
world?" If it could make the world happy, if it could end the war and save everyone...
'Amy's love.'
Nane's thoughts raced at incredible speed.
'I would be happy. Yes. If you stay by my side, I would want to protect
this world too.'
Time barely passed.
'Ah.'
Even when uncovering the truths of the universe, he hadn't been so
consumed by so many thoughts.
'Shirone.'
For the first time, he envied Shirone, who could include Amy in his life
of philanthropy.
"I..."
Nane's face twisted as he spoke.
"I am committed to the salvation of all beings. I love you, but I
can't ignore those who suffer."
"I see."
Amy smiled sympathetically.
She seemed to understand why Shirone left the one he loved and why Nane
couldn't compromise.
That level of conviction.
'But now, I'm the same.'
Amy extended her hand for a handshake.
"Take care. Thank you. It might sound strange, but... I hope you
achieve your goal."
"Haha."
Nane laughed and shook her hand.
"Yes. You too. I hope you achieve your goal."
In the end, there can only be one winner.