Chapter 912:
The Brain of God (1)
In the year 187 of Omega.
Goffin, who had returned from the hell of the under world, gathered the
Gaia people and prepared to leave the Photon System.
"It will be an interesting journey."
The hearts of those welcoming the new era were excited.
"There is only one way to leave the Photon System."
Goffin began his final speech to the thousand Gaia people
gathered.
"To escape the control of Anke Ra, we must all become the managers
of this world."
Everyone knew this, but the Gaia people silently watched Goffin on the
high tower.
"We have no more controversies or doubts. We are the true masters
of this world. Therefore, we will escape Anke Ra's control and transcend infinity."
Applause echoed.
Although they were few compared to the total population, the number of
individuals was not very important to the Gaia people.
'Of course, today is different.'
To destroy Anke Ra's authority and leave the Photon System, the more
personal codes, the better.
As Goffin descended from the tower, his metallic hair fluttering, people
gathered around him.
"The time is approaching. Your role is important."
Although the Gaia people were integrated into Ultima, the key figure was
still Goffin.
"Magic."
The principle of phenomena.
Understanding the truth of this world and changing phenomena through
that understanding were separate issues.
Only Goffin, the infinite magician, could unlock the final lock at the
end of the universe.
"We choose."
The pride of the Gaia people, who had regained the meaning of perfect
existence at the end of truth, pierced the sky.
"Uncle Goffin!"
A woman with golden steel hair twisted like a vortex and attached to her
head approached.
"Milla?"
She was the first historical child born when Goffin returned from the
under world.
"It's been a while."
Despite the sharp impression unique to the Gaia people, a bright and
soft atmosphere was felt.
"Of course. I'm a grown woman now. You have no idea how long I've
been waiting for today."
Milla's face blushed slightly.
"Since the day I fell in love with you."
"Yes. I'm sorry."
Goffin smiled and patted her head, and Milla stuck out her tongue and
laughed brightly.
"It's okay. When we leave this world, everything will start anew. I
might have a chance too."
"Haha! I hope so."
Although Milla had been rejected by Goffin, her heart was not hurt. She
knew that mutual consent was necessary for love.
'Knowing what is right and doing it.' She was fortunate to be born as a
Gaia person.
"Goffin, the preparations are complete."
At the elder's words, Goffin opened his 11th sense, the sense of the
palace.
'Ultima.'
He felt all the Gaia people on the planet recognizing him through the
sense of the palace.
"Then..."
Goffin smiled and looked back at Milla, who nodded with an excited
expression.
"Let's go."
As the Spirit Zone opened and they shot out at superluminal speed
through the realm of infinity.
Bang!
Milla's face exploded.
Her body, left only below the neck, staggered left and right before
falling with a thud. Goffin turned his head.
"Archangel."
In the distant sky, Ikael was looking down at the ground with her halo
greatly expanded.
"Foolish humans, why do you forsake the authority given by God and
invite death?"
Goffin muttered.
"Ataraxia."
The concept that gave birth to this world.
'The signal closest to the outer world. The range of amplification can
be said to be from nothing to existence.'
Even for Goffin, the infinite magician, it was difficult to deal with a
concept at the highest level of the universe.
The Gaia chief examined Milla's condition.
"She's dead. The attack was faster than the sense of time
explosion. It couldn't have been blocked."
"I hope it was a good dream." Goffin looked up at the
sky.
"Archangel, can I interpret this interference as the will of Anke
Ra?" Ikael arrogantly raised her chin.
"It is not interference but law. I, Ikael, the archangel, will
destroy those who disturb the law."
She extended Ataraxia to the end of the sky and reached out to the
ground.
"This is your last chance. Follow the will of God."
With a snap of her fingers, the ground would push and the mountains
would split.
"God?"
Goffin smiled.
"Don't be mistaken."
As Goffin's eyes burned golden, the eyes of all the Gaia people lit
up.
"How dare you!"
As Ikael reached out her hand, the surrounding atmosphere began to drop
at an enormous speed.
"Ultima System."
A thousand Gaia people created a single thought.
"We refuse."
Boom!
The dome-shaped barrier sp