Chapter 913:
The Brain of God (2)
The ground began to tremble.
"What is this?"
Goffin's body, which had been dispersing into light, began to regain its
original form.
'Not enough propulsion.'
To break through the universe, the thoughts of all Gaia people needed to
be unified.
'Ultima is shaking.' It meant that a few among those who could link to
the Idea had different opinions from the whole.
'But why?'
Goffin, glowing in human form, pondered and soon found the
answer.
"Is it me?"
Goffin's sharp gaze fixed on Ikael.
'Because I protected the archangel.' Even as a Gaia person, Goffin's
thoughts were clearly different after experiencing the end of the underworld.
'I should have either enforced or inspired. As it is, we can't break
through the universe.'
Erasing the user codes with different opinions could make the allocation
rate 100%.
But if it wasn't approved within the integrated thought, Ultima would
break instead.
'Lucifer, you left me a terrible debt.' He realized why Lucifer was
satisfied with just the promise not to harm Ikael.
'This was bound to happen anyway.' The time for choice had come.
Whether to try breaking through the universe with a 99.8% allocation
rate or to stop for perfection.
'Ultima is...
Almost everyone's thoughts aligned.
"Damn it!"
As the link to the Idea weakened and the signal came in normally, the
blue sky spread out again.
"Ah...
Watching the world close, Ikael asked.
"What happened?"
"As you see, it failed."
As Goffin showed his displeasure, Ikael closed her lips.
"What was that tremor earlier?" Looking around where his
comrades were, Great Star appeared from the ground.
"Anke Ra made a decision."
Argones had left humanity, but Great Star, their mother, still couldn't
abandon them.
"Gaia."
Great Star approached.
"Argones. He will destroy you who turn this world into
nothingness."
The ground trembled again, and a giant monstrous entity filling the sky
revealed part of its body.
"What is that?"
Even seeing only the part below the clouds, one could guess it was a
giant sphere.
"Cell Buster."
Great Star said with a sad expression.
"Argones will reset all humans."
As the monstrous entity split, countless spheres began to fall toward
the ground.
"Damn!"
Goffin flew up, followed by Ikael, who rose high into the sky to watch
the situation.
"This can't be...
The gray spheres, with tails dozens of times longer than their size,
began attacking the Gaia people.
"We refuse!"
As the Ultima system activated, a giant dome-shaped barrier blocked the
anti-cells.
As the impact hit, the spheres split into two, doubling in number and
mass.
"Block them! They must not break through!"
Great Star approached Ikael.
"We can't block them."
With each collision with the barrier, the anti-cells kept increasing,
eventually covering the entire dome.
"It's a characteristic of biological signals. If they don't achieve
their goal, the anti-cells will keep multiplying until they fill the universe."
"Fill the universe?"
Ikael's face hardened.
"To you, born in the universe, the biological world may seem
insignificant, but the true power of life lies in adaptation."
Great Star's gaze turned to the tadpole-like spheres slowly penetrating
the dome.
"In theory, Argones can spread biological signals to any universe.
Angels are no exception."
Ikael bared her teeth.
"Angels giving birth to life? I'd rather self-destruct than suffer
such humiliation."
"I'm talking about special circumstances. If you can create
biological signals, it's possible to implant angelic descendants in human bodies."
"I'm not interested in that."
Even as they talked, the Gaia people's barrier was gradually
breaking.
"Is the history of the Gaia people ending like this?"
"There is one way."
Great Star said.
"Ra, Gaia, and Argones independently manage the universe, nature,
and the biological world. Even Anke Ra can't directly activate the Cell Buster."
"You mean special circumstances."
"Probably an act of destruction against the universe. A special
measure to suppress it. If the Gaia people give up their will to destroy, I can intervene."
"But that...
Ikael didn't see it as possible.
"It's everything the Gaia people have."
Great Star knew it too.
So she remained silent, waiting for Goffin's decision.
"It's endless."
Sweat poured down Goffin's face as he flew around the dome, firing the
Photon Cannon.
There seemed to be no way to stop the anti-cells that doubled with each
attack.
'With the strongest attack...
Gritting his teeth, Goffin raised his arms to the sky, gathering light
with mass like the sun.
"Yaaah!"
A flash that seemed to swallow the world scraped past the dome.
"It's done...
Goffin's triumphant smile froze.
As the mass storm passed through the anti-cell swarm, they grew like
cancer cells.
'Can't it be stopped?'
The swarm's size was enough to dominate a radius of tens of kilometers,
and the number of entities seemed to reach the quintillions.
The astronomical number of anti-cells moved in unison, forming Argones'
face.
But only for a moment.
As he smiled at Goffin, he dispersed again, pouring down on the
barrier.
Cracks formed in the dome, and the anti-cells that squeezed through
struck the Gaia people.
"Aaah!"
Goffin saw it clearly.
The process of cells devouring themselves and disappearing, like reverse
evolution.
'We can't resist.'
Even the strongest humanity that reached Ultima was ultimately
biological.
In front of the code that destroyed the vessel containing the mind, the
body, Gaia people were helpless.
'I need to make a decision quickly.'
Goffin watched as countless anti-cells spread across the world.
They truly intended to exterminate humanity.
"Don't give up!" The voice of the Gaia elder was heard.
"We chose this! Beyond infinity! Finding our true selves is the
only way!"
Goffin bit his lip.
He knew the Gaia people wouldn't give up because they had achieved an
integrated mental system.
'We must stop.'
But Goffin couldn't.
'This is my doing.'
The small crack that started with the promise to Lucifer had led to this
situation.
The Gaia people shouted.
"Freedom! Self!"
As the black anti-cells squeezed through the Ultima barrier and attacked
the Gaia people.
"I surrender."
Goffin implanted an opinion in his mind that was extremely opposed to
the integrated mental system.
Boom!
In an instant, Ultima collapsed, and the barrier disappeared.
"What...!"
The Gaia people were more shocked by the collapse of the integrated
mental system than by the imminent destruction.
"Huff! Huff!"
The Gaia elder watched as the anti-cells in front of him froze as if
paralyzed.
"Why?"
"Why?"
In front of Argones, Great Star stood with her arms outstretched and
eyes wide open.
"Stop here. They gave up destruction. Will you really annihilate
them?"
"It's Ra's command. Even if they don't submit, it's a cosmic-scale
issue. His judgment takes precedence."
"What about your judgment?"
"It's no different. If the universe is destroyed, no life can
exist. You may value all life born in Gaia, but...
Argones' eyes turned cold.
"I have a mission to maintain the biological world. Compared to
that mission, one species is a trivial matter."
"One species?"
Great Star said sorrowfully.
"You gave them the name Gaia."
"That's a sentimental conclusion."
"No. This might be our mission. You and I exist to create
them."
"Then what about us?"
Great Star couldn't answer.
"Did we exist just to create humans? No, we are gods. At least in
this universe. What do you gain by denying that?"
"To know the truth...
Argones interrupted.
"The truth? What is the truth? Is opening the lid the truth? Do you
really think that's real? What if that's just another lid covering a lie?"
It probably is.
"Gaia people are just life forms. One of the many things we
created. Why should I care?"
"Because they will ultimately reveal the truth." "You
know it too. Foolish, arrogant, with unparalleled tendencies for evil...
A sad smile spread across Great Star's lips.
"But they realize what's wrong and eventually move in the right
direction."
Humans.
"They are our greatest masterpiece."
The reason Great Star couldn't refute was that she had also watched
Gaia's history.
Why do they defy expectations?
Why can't they be stabilized like other life forms?
"That's why I hate them."
Among Argones' children, only humans are different.
Great Star answered.
"On the other hand... I'm proud."
"Hmph."
Argones' body, showing his back, sank into the ground.
"This is the last chance. No matter who wins the upcoming war, I
will be watching."
Being freed from the Cell Buster was a blessing for the Gaia
people.
"Whew."
As Great Star watched Argones leave, she sighed and looked at the
distant sky.
"We've passed the crisis for now."
The war between gods and humans was about to begin.
"They're disappearing."
The anti-cells that had filled the view were converging and rapidly
decreasing.
"What's happening? Why?"
The Gaia elder, muttering, looked around and found Goffin.
"What is this!"
Goffin approached and bowed his head.
"I'm sorry."
At that moment, all the surviving Gaia people from the Cell Buster let
out a mournful groan.
'It's wrong.'
Goffin's actions were clearly independent, deviating from the collective
thought.
"Ultima is broken?"
The elder shook his head.
"No, that can't be! We've reached this level through immense
sacrifice! And you, Goffin...!" As the elder closed his mouth, a Gaia person nearby spoke as if
understanding.
"Anger won't help. If we split here, we'll revert to the old
humanity."
A society where numerous opinions clash.
"I will take responsibility."
Goffin declared.
"I will not open the sense of the palace for the time being. Then
the Ultima system will be perfect again."
"What are you planning?"
Goffin, looking up at the sky, exchanged glances with Ikael, who was
coldly observing the ground.
"...I will fight."
An era where gods and humans coexist.
Receiving the information from Omega, Shirone realized that this point
was a singularity.
'Goffin has left the Gaia race.' It was unclear exactly what events were
unfolding from the records read in Babel, but...
'One thing is certain.'
The Gaia person who stayed with humanity until the end was
Goffin.