Chapter 915:
The Brain of God (4)
"We can't hold out like this!"
At the report of the triangular Mara, the angel turned to look at the
spire of Araboth, 40 kilometers away.
In a place without the walls of heaven or the seven skies, only the holy
ground of Anke Ra stood majestically.
'This is the final line of defense.'
The angel was horrified to see the countless processions approaching
from the horizon.
Approximately one billion people were joining the ranks from all
directions.
"Do it if you're going to, or don't if you're not." Maishin,
the representative of the Gaia people at the forefront, spoke with a pitying expression.
The angel, unable to contain his anger, clenched his fists while the
Maras looked on nervously.
"What should we do?"
The biggest problem was that the fundamental concepts of the angels were
defined at the hands of the Gaia people.
"Elysion."
The mind of the Gaia people, both one and whole.
"Shall we end this?" As Maishin raised his hand, the eyes of
one billion Gaia people lit up and linked to the Idea.
A massive hole opened in the sky, and clouds flowed out like a reverse
waterfall.
"Th-that is..."
The moment the angel saw the giant hand of light emerging from the black
tunnel, his holy body trembled.
"We haven't been idle either."
Having once faced the threat of extinction due to Code Argones, they had
aggressively honed Ultima.
"Hand of God."
As the fingers of light flexed gracefully, the rivers on the ground
began to evaporate.
"Stop, stop it!"
The angels launched a full-scale attack on the hand, which was large
enough to crush Araboth in one grasp.
It wasn't a flashy firefight, but powerful concepts supporting the early
universe struck the Hand of God.
"This is absurd."
Why is it called the Hand of God?
"It is omnipotent."
It was the hand that shaped the entire universe.
The Hand of God, destroying fundamental concepts, pinched the angel
between its thumb and forefinger.
"Kyaaaah!"
The angel screamed in agony as his existence was crushed, but only for a
moment. He glared and shouted.
"How dare you usurp the name of God... Ugh!"
The angel's body burst like dust between the thumb and
forefinger.
"Come in as much as you like."
The Hand of God, bending its fingers sequentially as if caressing the
air, flipped over and extended its back.
As the terrified angels watched, the five fingers opened wide like a
blooming lotus.
The surface of the Hand of God shimmered with all the phenomena of the
natural world.
Moments later, a sphere of light rose from the center of the
palm.
"Ugh!"
As the sky and earth shook simultaneously, the angels felt nausea for
the first time.
"Photon Cannon."
It was a strike created by the collective Idea of the Gaia people, aimed
at the world by God.
"This is the end."
As the Hand of God moved and the Photon Cannon stretched into a flash,
the angels shouted.
"Stay calm! We can block it!" The phenomenon itself is nothing
special.
'We can do it! It's just a bit of mass flying incredibly fast!'
With a roar,
"Ah..."
the flash flew in.
Everything turned pale.
Even without experiencing it, they could instinctively feel the power to
blow away half a planet.
Boom!
In an instant, lightning struck near Araboth.
Judicial Halo.
'Ragnarok!'
Uriel, who had accumulated the concept of destruction, charged towards
the Photon Cannon at incredible speed.
Although it was an event occurring at sub-light speed, the angels with
time perception saw it clearly.
Uriel's body began to peel away as he entered the center of the Photon
Cannon.
'Even Uriel...'
As the feeling of resignation set in, the Photon Cannon exploded,
spreading a mass wave.
"Ugh!" The angels, who had been blown to the spire of Araboth,
frowned and looked ahead.
'It's intact.'
Although the terrain around the explosion point had spread outward, it
was much smaller in scale than expected.
Maishin looked to the side with a bitter smile.
"You're doing something pointless."
Panting heavily, Great Star was clasping her hands together, tears of
blood streaming down her face.
"Are you really planning to see this through to the end?" Gaia
has the ability to convert impact signals on the planet into incarnations.
The fact that she was shedding tears of blood meant that the power of
the Photon Cannon was equivalent to a meteor impact.
"Stay calm. We'll handle this."
The planet doesn't matter.
But it didn't feel good to see Gaia, who had sided with humans for so
long, in pain.
'The fact that the Hand of God created a light-speed mass and exploded
it means...'
As Maishin looked seriously at Uriel, Leo approached him.
"It's not something one archangel can do."
Taking a deep drag on his cigarette, he squinted at Araboth.
"Magnify it."
As the Hand of God formed a circle with its index and middle fingers, a
magnifying glass of light was created within.
The distance of tens of kilometers became as close as if it were right
in front of them, revealing Ikael.
"Archangel Ikael."
And behind her, the six archangels flying up were clearly
visible.
Hope glimmered in the angels' eyes.
"All the archangels are gathered."
If the Gaia people define the world, the eight archangels represent the
entirety of the objective world.
Anke Ra had proposed a direct confrontation between the Akashic Records
and the Ultima System.
"It's not going to be easy."
As Penny approached, supporting her neck with both hands, Leo stubbed
out his cigarette and snorted.
"Hmph, it was a mountain we had to climb anyway. We have the Hand
of God. Archangels are nothing."
The power of Elysion, concentrated in a specific form, was far greater
than the sum of 1 billion Gaia individuals.
As Uriel returned, the eight archangels quickly flew up and looked down
at the Gaia people.
Ikael amplified her voice.
"You who dare to usurp the name of God, why do you repeat this
meaningless fight?"
Maishin replied.
"Isn't it you who started the fight? We just want to leave this
world."
"This world is your sanctuary. Find joy here and enjoy eternal
life."
"That's your opinion."
Maishin raised the corners of his mouth.
"There is no more mystery in this world. Why? Because we've defined
everything. We won't live in a cave, staring at the shadows of the outer world."
"Do you truly want to leave?"
"Yes."
Ikael spoke with determination.
"Leave it to Anke Ra. We will ensure you can leave the world
safely."
"Our answer is..."
The Hand of God, connected to the outer world, flipped its fist and
raised its middle finger.
"This."
It was God's middle finger.
Ikael's brow furrowed, and the seven archangels behind her
simultaneously took flight.
"Fine! Bring it on!"
Leo immediately took a stance and extended his fist.
'Divine Transcendence!'
As the Idea of 1 billion activated, the Hand of God clenched its fist
and flew in.
"Uaaaaah!"
Seeing the fist of light pushing through the world, Metatron activated
the Judicial Halo.
'Exist.' As concentric information swirled in the halo, a black hole
sphere opened.
Boom!
Although the gravity absorbed even light, Gaia's will was far
stronger.
"Haha! With just that power..."
Ikael's voice rang out clearly.
"Ataraxia."
Her halo expanded to an unprecedented size, and Metatron, feeling the
immense amplification, increased his presence.
"Damn, it's bending! Hold it!"
The Hand of God quickly circled the gravity well and was sucked into the
black sphere.
"Ragnarok."
With a thunderous crash, Uriel transformed into a flash and charged
towards the Gaia people.
"We refuse!"
As 1 billion Gaia people covered their faces with their arms, a barrier
of law that blocked everything was erected.
"How dare you?"
Ikael spoke.
"Do you reject God?"
As the concept of destruction was amplified by Ataraxia, Uriel's mind
was on the verge of exploding.
"Yaaaaah!"
As he unleashed his immense destructive instinct and collided with the
Gaia people's barrier.
Crack!
As the barrier of law became visible, 1 billion Gaia people
simultaneously took three steps back.
"Ugh!"
They all frowned, but the bigger problem was the crack in the
barrier.
"Heavenly Galaxy Wheel."
The rotating wheel of paradise, sucking in the atmosphere, struck the
already cracked barrier of law.
With a roar inaudible to biological ears, blood flowed from Maishin's
nose.
"Damn!"
Although Uriel caused the destruction, the Gaia people's gaze was
focused on Ikael.
'The archangel is the problem.'
Even with the Idea, the concept of amplification couldn't be
replicated.
'Because it's the only concept straddling the boundary between the outer
and inner worlds.'
A stepping stone from nothingness to existence.
'It's a shame.'
If they could implement the concept of Ataraxia, the war with Anke Ra
would already be over.
"Are your tricks over?"
As Uriel, who had destroyed the barrier of law, swung the wheel of
paradise again, gathering energy.
"Here it comes!"
Although the Idea of the Hand of God was being restored, Ragnarok's
activation was faster.
As Uriel charged with a thunderous roar, he felt victory.
'I won.'
Even just passing through the crowd would kill at least tens of millions
of Gaia people.
'Huh?'
A wind blew.
'Wind?'
The speed was incomparable to mere atmospheric movement, making Uriel
turn his head in confusion.
"..."
And in the next moment, the air tore apart, and a man's face appeared
right in front of him.
"Pa-seng!"
With a comical shout, the man's punch turned Uriel's face to the
side.
Boom!
The angels' eyes followed Uriel's trajectory as he slid 10 kilometers
away.
"Well, well."
Goffin appeared, shaking his fist, and said,
"I can't miss out on such a fun scene."
"How did you..."
Both the angels and the Gaia people were stunned by Goffin's sudden
appearance.
Maishin asked,
"What happened on the battlefield? You were supposed to leave the
Ultima system. Did you change your mind?"
"It has changed, but..."
Goffin looked up at the angels and said,
"I have no intention of rejoining the system."
"Then why..."
At that moment, Uriel flew in from a distance.
"Aaaaaah!"
His anger at being struck by a human was evident in his judicial
halo.
"Surprising. You're getting excited."
The wheel of paradise flew in a large arc.
"Destroy!"
As Goffin extended his hand, particles of light quickly gathered to form
a cubic barrier.
"Ugh!"
When the impact of the wheel of paradise was absorbed without a sound,
Uriel tilted his head in confusion.
'What kind of trick is this?'
Was there anyone who could block the power of Ragnarok outside the
Ultima system?
"Goffin, what is that...?"
Maishin asked, and Goffin smiled.
"Hexa."
The cubic barrier dispersed into smoke and gently pushed Uriel
away.
As brilliant light enveloped his body, Goffin looked up at Ikael and
said,
"Do you still want to stop us?"
Ikael's voice naturally grew harsher due to her bad memories with
Goffin.
"Of course. It's only right to punish the arrogant who deny God and
consider themselves gods. And anyway, it has nothing to do with you."
"Want to come with us?"
Ikael, who had stopped speaking, asked after a long pause.
"What?"
Goffin extended his hand and said,
"I can take everyone with me."
As the angels stood in a daze, the Gaia people looked at each
other.