Chapter 916:
The Brain of God (5)
"Take everyone with you?" Ikael asked again.
"Yes. The cycle of creation and creation. Isn't this a much more
constructive proposal than arguing about who is God?"
It was, but Ikael shook her head.
"Impossible. Yes, I'll admit it honestly. Your Idea, it is
certainly a record-breaking event in this universe."
Great Star recalled the moment when light first entered the eyes of the
Gaia people. Like Argones, no being in heaven could explain it.
"Maybe there is an outer world. But whatever it is, we can't go
out."
Because they didn't have the Idea.
No, to be precise, their Idea was not the outer world but
themselves.
"We've done a lot of research since leaving Ultima."
When Goffin opened his palm, a hexagonal light called Hexa floated up
like an ice crystal.
"What is the signal of the Idea? And if we can analyze that
signal..."
The Gaia people had all the traits of wisdom and demons, but they were
also excellent scientists.
"Can't it be artificially created?"
The Gaia people looked dazed.
"Artificially... created?" If the world was composed of
signals from the outside, creating the Idea was the realm of gods.
"Yes. That is Hexa. It can be said to be a signal that has
information from the outside, which does not exist in this world."
When Goffin raised his arm, Hexa shattered with a sharp sound and
descended as smoke.
"Miracle Stream."
As the light smoke passed, vines grew, and flowers began to bloom
rapidly.
The angels murmured.
"H-how...?"
Life could only be created when Anke Ra, Gaia, and Argones functioned
simultaneously.
Goffin, raising his arms, looked at the flowers blooming around him with
satisfaction.
"It's still at this level, but with more research, we can create
more complex life."
Kariel muttered.
"Life...?"
To him, the archangel of creation, Goffin's ability seemed like a
literal divine miracle.
Goffin spoke to Ikael.
"Do you understand what I mean? If you can conquer the Idea, this
world is not the end for you either."
The Gaia people disliked everyone, but this time even the archangels
looked at Ikael for her reaction.
"It's not the end?"
A cold voice echoed.
"That is also the thought of the Gaia people. You left the human
herd and now want to become gods? How arrogant."
"If God is indifferent..."
Goffin's eyes sparkled.
"Wouldn't it be okay to bring them down?"
"Blasphemy!"
As Ataraxia expanded sharply, her voice rang out.
"To us, God is only the eternal Ra. Do you think we would be swayed
by your absurd hypothesis?"
Denying the reason for existence to an angel was no different from
telling a human to deny their parents.
"But..."
Goffin sent a pitying look.
"You wanted to go, didn't you?"
Ikael's eyes widened, and she bit her lip.
'Yes.'
When the Gaia people first tried to leave the Photon System, she had
indeed wavered.
Even if the thought that this was the last chance had strongly
influenced her, it was an irreparable mistake as an archangel.
"I have changed since then."
After hearing Anke Ra's stern rebuke, she swore never to doubt
again.
"Gaia people, abandon false hope. If Anke Ra resets the world, you
will disappear too. Everything will return, and the law will be peaceful."
The Hand of God, which had been restored, bent its fingers like the
claws of a beast.
A billion voices were born simultaneously.
"Do you think we'll just stand by? We will stop the reset and
annihilate Anke Ra."
In the end, the gap could not be bridged.
As the tension rose again, Satiel spoke in a trembling voice.
"Can't we at least try?"
The archangels' gazes focused on her, and though frightened, she
gathered more courage.
"If angels and Gaia people join forces, we might be able to uncover
the truth of this world."
Goffin also needed the abilities of the archangels to delve deeper into
the research on Hexa.
'Especially Ataraxia.'
If they could amplify and investigate the signal of the Idea, Goffin's
utopia wouldn't be just a dream.
"What are you talking about now?" Ikael's eyes filled with
murderous intent, but Satiel bravely spoke.
"So at least we should try to talk..."
Metiel blurred.
Bang!
As she swung her arm at incredible speed, Satiel flew away so fast that
she disappeared.
Boom!
Dust rose from the ground where she had fallen, and Metiel, shaking her
fist, muttered.
"What a disgrace to angels."
With an arrogant and beautiful expression, she raised her fingertip and
pointed at Goffin.
"Listen well, humans. God does not compromise. He will punish you
and stabilize the world."
There was no need to complicate things. If Anke Ra succeeded in the
reset, everything would be over.
"But before that..."
Metiel's holy body expanded into a halo.
"I will kill you myself."
As if sharing the same thought, the five archangels, excluding Ikael,
spread their halos.
Maishin asked seriously.
"Goffin, what are you going to do?"
"Don't get involved. Ultima might shake. Stop Anke Ra's reset while
I fight."
If Ultima shook even for a moment, Anke Ra would activate the
reset.
'Then it would be irreversible.'
Goffin's judgment was correct.
But it didn't seem possible for him to face all the archangels without
being able to activate Ultima.
"Miracle Stream."
As golden smoke coiled around Goffin like a snake, Ikael raised her
chin.
"Ataraxia."
The archangels' concepts were amplified, and Uriel opened the battle
with Ragnarok.
"I will teach you the terror of the world." The physical
attack, filled with the anger of being struck, hit Goffin hard.
Sparks flew in Goffin's eyes as he was pushed back 3 kilometers.
'As expected, it's not easy.'
An archangel getting excited after being hit once.
'It bounces.'
As the Miracle Stream swirled, Uriel's body was thrown behind
Goffin.
"Ugh!"
Taking the inertia of the rotation, Uriel drew a huge arc and fell
vertically 1 kilometer behind.
Boom!
Hearing the roar, Goffin, with his legs planted in the ground, smiled at
the archangels ahead.
"Shall we start God's game?"
Metatron of gravity, Raiel of light, and Faiel of annihilation formed
the second line.
"He bounced Uriel."
It meant that pure impact alone couldn't break him.
"I'll go."
As Faiel, who took the lead, quickly rotated his judicial halo, it
turned into a vortex of the abyss.
"Message of Nothingness."
As the light of the Miracle Stream surrounding Goffin disappeared,
Metatron extended his hand.
"Gravity Tyranny."
As dozens of black spheres were created, Goffin's waist twisted, and his
limbs spread wide.
'I will tear you apart.'
Just when he thought it was over, Goffin's body defied the gravitational
waves and stood still in the air.
"Let there be light."
A huge hexagonal light rose and then decomposed into smoke, enveloping
Goffin.
"There is no cause in Hexa."
That's why Faiel could annihilate him several times, and he would revive
without reason.
"Sleep."
As the light smoke spread, the spheres of Gravity Tyranny began to
disappear one by one.
"Never wake up again."
At that moment, Raiel, the archangel of light, activated the judicial
halo accelerator.
Screeech!
As the halo, rotating at the speed of light, quickly contracted and
disappeared, time stopped.
'Can he block this too?'
In the zero-second time zone where even the planet's rotation didn't
occur, Raiel threw his punch.
Photon signals, in a state where time had stopped, couldn't transmit
physical signals.
'I am the archangel of light.'
The unit of time he perceived was the smallest value of the timeline
Shirone had dismantled.
The moment Raiel's fist touched Goffin.
'This is the point.'
The independently arranged time events moved to the next event.
It was the smallest unit of time that could be divided by law, so no
creature could react.
Boom!
At the end of Raiel's punch, the atmosphere was pushed back tens of
meters and exploded.
"What?"
Raiel looked down in disbelief.
"Slow."
Goffin, who had twisted his upper body to dodge, was smiling, baring his
sharp fangs.
'Dodged light speed?'
That couldn't be.
Between the event of the punch landing and the event of releasing light
speed, there were no other events.
'It's light speed. He split time to the end. Between time and time,
there is only nothingness...'
A chilling hypothesis crossed his mind, and his holy body
trembled.
'Did he squeeze through nothingness?'
Superluminal.
He dug between the smallest units of time, creating signals of existence
from nothingness.
'Are you... really a god?'
As the question arose, Goffin's fist struck Raiel's face
directly.
"Ugh!"
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Like a stone skipping horizontally on water, Raiel's body bounced on the
ground.
Kariel and Metiel, who were at the rear, stopped abruptly when they saw
the archangel rolling on the ground.
At this moment, both the Gaia people and Archangel Ikael forgot their
original purpose.
"Our intelligence surpasses infinity..."
The hexagonal light floating between Goffin's palms shattered and
scattered like petals.
"To the world of gods." As they watched the starlight rise
high into the sky on the wind, the Gaia people fell into thought.
'That is Hexa.'
The divine language that does not exist in this world.
"Aaaaaah!"
Shirone's scream erupted, and the entire Alphones mountain range was
engulfed in white light.
The core, Karatorusa, which was transmitting all of Omega's records,
also let out a groan.
'An enormous amount of information.'
Just from that, the Earth Dragon instinctively knew where Shirone was in
Omega.
'It's the year 201.'
This is when McClain Goffin first proposed the possibility of
Hexa.
'The transmission speed is too fast. I need to control it.'
To prevent Shirone from breaking down, Karatorusa slowed the
transmission speed.
"Ugh!"
But it was as if Shirone was forcibly absorbing it, and the speed began
to soar even more.
'No! At this rate...!'
Stopping his thoughts there, Karatorusa rolled his eyes and realized a
new possibility.
'Of course. It's only natural.'
Because Shirone is Hexa.
'It's not about receiving information through thought. It's about
combining information to create new information.'
Or it could be perfect information.
In fact, the reason Shirone screamed was because he was shocked by the
enormity of the realization.
'Endlessly becoming one.'
The moment when a huge feeling that exists before human language and
academic thought merges.
"Gasp!"
Shirone's eyes snapped open.
'Miracle Stream!'
A hexagonal light rose above his head, shattered with a clang, and
dispersed into smoke.
"Shirone. Accept his thoughts, his reasoning,
everything."
Karatorusa said.
"It is the brain of God."