Chapter 918:
A Cold War (2)
In the face of the final operation to prevent the extinction of
humanity, even the king's name held no importance.
'Plu, Dante, and I are enough to handle the practical tasks needed to
open the Flower Garden.'
Thus, they were given the choice of 100 people.
"I can give you one hour. Choose 100 people within that
time."
Many thoughts crossed their minds.
The king, politicians, doctors, teachers, families, the impoverished who
lived on the fringes of society.
In the end, they all weighed the same.
"Director, why don't you start?" As no one took action, Iruki
put down his pen and pushed it forward.
"Commander of the Valkyrie."
Lupist leaned back and crossed his legs.
"Even if you're at the top of the sky, you underestimate
people."
Iruki remained calm.
"What do you mean?"
"I mean, there's no need for me to step in. I'll leave the judgment
to this friend."
As Lupist pointed to Dante, Plu and Iruki turned their gazes to
him.
Dante, deep in thought, looked up and spoke.
"Iruki, honestly, I'm upset."
There was no response.
"Fine. Since the director has given the order, I have no choice but
to make the difficult decision."
Contrary to his words, Dante didn't even glance at the pen and spread
his arms.
"There's no one to save."
Finally, a smile appeared on Iruki's face.
"We're going to drop a bomb on the capital. It will be a massacre
of 6.5 million people. If I save 100 people, that information will spread to a thousand, and those
thousand will tell ten thousand..."
The operation would fail.
"It would spiral out of control. You were testing whether we were
prepared to destroy the capital or not, right?"
Everyone must die.
Precious people, necessary people, no one in Bashka can survive.
"That's right. I'm sorry."
Dante snorted.
"A single-minded person like you pulling such a childish trick. You
must be really cornered."
"To tell the truth, yes. I'm going to be the mastermind of this
insane massacre. If I'm going to be remembered as a devil in history, I at least don't want to
fail."
Knowing what Iruki was carrying, Dante didn't argue further.
"By the way, is there really no security issue? With a project of
this scale, we can't be the only ones who know."
"It's precarious."
Iruki admitted frankly.
"As you might guess, not everyone will die. The lives of the
tycoons who invested heavily in this project and the heads of related agencies are guaranteed. At least
their children will be saved."
"Children, huh. That's ambiguous. As a husband, you might save your
wife and children but not your parents?"
"They're not foolish enough to be greedy. They know better than
anyone what would happen in that case."
They would disappear without a trace.
"Should I say it's fortunate? We organized an assassination squad
just in case, but they haven't moved yet."
Iruki raised his index finger.
"Actually, the ones we had to watch closely were the unmarried.
Some people hurriedly got married to save their lovers, but the Holy War allowed it to that
extent."
Lupist asked.
"How many people are involved in that way?"
"286."
Dante rested his chin on his hand and muttered.
"286."
As a security and information expert, he judged it to be an
uncontrollable number.
Iruki spoke.
"I know what you're thinking. So we're monitoring through numerous
channels. One of them is the world's best censorship system."
'Meirei Army.'
Dante knew through Armin that the ears of the Great Purifier were in the
Holy War.
"We're monitoring 24/7. And so far, the number of cases caught by
the Holy War's filter is..."
Iruki smiled bitterly.
"Not a single one."
"Not one?"
"Yes. We haven't even found any factors at the obsessive suspicion
level, Code Zero. Therefore, from the Holy War's perspective, we can assert that none of the 286
survival candidates have leaked information."
"Heh. Heh heh."
Lupist shook his head, shoulders trembling.
"Perfect."
Usually, people are eager to spill even the smallest secret.
'In the face of a horrific event where 6.5 million people will be
massacred...'
No one speaks.
They act normal in front of their parents, friends, pretending
everything is fine.
'Ah, humanity.'
Lupist's expression, with his mouth twisted, was indistinguishable
between laughing and crying.
"Alright."
His expression disappeared as if it were a lie.
"We're no different from them. The conclusion is that 6.5 million
people will die. The question is the efficiency of the sacrifice. Can we definitely annihilate the
demons?"
"According to my calculations, if the strategy works, the army of
hell will suffer a 91.3% loss in troops."
It was a sufficient result.
"Alright. Then we'll abandon Bashka, and we can elect a new
king..."
To Lupist, even the king was just a high-grade component to run the
state system.
"How will we compensate for Tormia's losses after the war? With the
capital gone, self-recovery will be impossible."
It would be swallowed by other countries in an instant.
"The Holy War will cover the entire cost of recovery. Once the
government is established, implement an immigration policy. If you provide houses and land, many people
will flock."
Lupist squinted one eye.
"It sounds like a dream. Even the Holy War will eventually have to
collect funds from other countries. Do you think the leaders of each country will comply?"
"In addition, we will transfer all technology and data related to
the elemental bomb to Tormia."
Lupist's eyes gleamed for a moment.
"Even if it's a related industry, I alone know the core technology.
You can use it to check other countries or as a negotiation card. Above all, I am from the Kingdom of
Tormia. I won't let my country fall."
His last words moved Lupist.
'Indeed, Iruki's family is among the 6.5 million.'
Unless he was insane, he would take responsibility even if he had to
sell his soul before dying.
"Alright. We'll follow the Holy War's will. Once the detailed
strategy is delivered, we'll transfer all rights to use the Flower Garden."
Iruki turned to Dante.
"We're short on time to explain verbally. I'll deliver it through
'Rope.' Dante is the chief, so it's the safest method."
As Lupist nodded and stood up, Plu and Dante followed him to the
door.
At the door, Dante turned back.
"What if we had written down 100 names and submitted
them?"
"...You wouldn't have made it out alive."
"In other words, you were underestimating us quite a bit. Do you
think it would have been possible?"
Iruki evaded the question like a sly fox.
"Anyway, you didn't write them down."
Dante chuckled.
He felt like a lunatic for being able to laugh after hearing about
Bashka's horrific future.
It was that surreal.
'To you, Iruki, this is reality.'
The face Dante saw on Iruki was no longer that of a living
person.
'He was an annoying guy.'
The guy who had been a thorn in his side since their days at the Royal
Magic School was now half a corpse.
"Take care of yourself. You'll really die at this
rate."
Unable to respond with a "yes," Iruki just gave a weak
smile.
"Dante."
At the sound of his name, Dante turned back again.
"Yes?"
"When the war is over..."
Iruki's eyes, cautious even in uttering a single word, looked so
lonely.
"Let's have a drink together."
Though tears welled up, Dante felt his throat tighten.
"...Sure."
He had no choice but to answer.
To hide his reddened eyes, Dante quickly opened the door and left the
room.
'You fool! Who do you think you are, a hero?'
As Dante walked away quickly, Plu widened her stride to catch up
naturally.
'The battlefield has now moved to Tormia. The association will take the
lead. We need to understand the factors of Zion.'
But for a moment, reading the emotions in Dante's eyes, she kept
silent.
'He's a rational person... but he was filled with immense anger.'
'Damn it! Those damn demons! I'll kill them all!'
Seeing the blood dripping from Dante's fist, Plu decided not to ask
anything.
In exchange for receiving the seeds of the living flower, Lupist made a
deal with Plarino.
He rescued 300 of her kin suffering around the world and provided them
with a safe haven.
Once the Minister of Defense for Spectrum, Plarino now lived as an
ordinary Flower Tribe woman.
"Hello, Ms. Plarino."
A man of the Grass lineage greeted Plarino with a gentle smile and a
bow.
"Yes, good morning."
The Violet Tiara lineage, known as the most beautiful and fragrant among
the Flower Tribe, shone even brighter under the sun.
"Today, the sunlight is really sweet. On days like this, it's best
to just sit quietly in the 'garden.'"
Plarino covered her mouth and laughed.
"That's right. There's nothing better than basking in the sunlight
without any thoughts. Would you like to join me?"
"Haha, of course."
Plarino spread her arms, looking at the sunlight filtering through the
branches.
"I love this place so much. There's no one trying to harm us, and
above all, it's quiet."
"It's all thanks to you, Ms. Plarino. Everyone here is grateful to
you."
"Oh, no. I just..."
As Plarino waved her hand dismissively, her pupils shook as she saw
someone approaching from afar.
"What's wrong?"
Following Plarino's gaze, Lupist and Dante were seen walking side by
side.
"Lupist..."
Plarino's body trembled.
"There you are. Just in time."
Lupist approached Plarino briskly and got straight to the point.
"Where is your chief? Lead me to them."
The deal was already done, and Lupist had promised not to interfere with
the lives of the Flower Tribe.
"W-what's the matter?"
"No time to explain. It's an urgent matter. We need to use the
ability of the small world window."
Plarino shouted.
"You promised! We gave you all the seeds of the living flower! We
just want to live peacefully!"
"Peace?"
Lupist grabbed Plarino by the collar and pulled her close, staring into
her eyes.
"Look at me. Look me straight in the eyes."
The Flower Tribe man fell on his backside with a thud, and Plarino's jaw
trembled.
"Do I look sane to you? What do you think I came here for? Do you
all want to die?"
"Huh... huh..."
As the characteristic 'extreme passivity' of the Flower Tribe
manifested, her mind went blank.
'How can someone have eyes like that?'
Eyes that could do anything to achieve their desires, the eyes of a
predator at the top of the food chain.
"This is your last chance. Lead me to your chief."
Plarino's head dropped weakly.
"Y-yes."
If you asked her what the scariest thing in the world was, her answer
would undoubtedly be humans.