Chapter 925:
The Sin That Couldn't Continue (1)
The demonic army that occupied the plains of Denan quickly advanced
towards Thormia.
At the center was Havitz, with the 4 Gustav Generals following closely
on horseback.
"Let's go! Let's go!"
Zetaro threw off his trousers and underwear and performed a stunt while
standing on the horse's saddle.
"See? This is true skill!" Natasha exclaimed.
"But why are you completely undressed below?"
"Center of gravity." Natasha, lost in thought, silently turned
her head back, and Smudo chuckled.
Zetaro, inspecting Havitz's back, looked gloomy.
'He hardly ever laughs these days.'
Such trivial pranks were not enough to satisfy him, given the massive
event that awaited.
Balkan looked grim too.
'He's totally hooked. There's no stopping him now.'
Despite knowing that the Thormia infantry were using decoys, there was a
reason he couldn't step forward.
'The loss of troops has been too great.'
The damage inflicted by Son Yoo-jung at the abyss's cliff amounted to 30
percent of the total forces.
It was a situation that demanded accountability, and ultimately, the
right to speak passed to the demonic military strategist, Paimon.
'Anyway, it's my fault. But...'
Since suffering a setback from Sohn Yoo-jung, a thought had not left his
mind.
'What if the Holy War was aiming for this? That is, if they planned to
strike us with something akin to this setback... it wouldn't just be a 30 percent loss.
'It would be annihilation.'
If only the demonic forces were guaranteed to be wiped out, the Holy War
would gladly sacrifice their allies.
'That possibility, no, it's a certainty. I don't know by what means, but
they are definitely targeting us.'
It seemed they were intent on dying together.
'Madman.'
Balkan might have always been insane, but now the soldiers of the Holy
War were going mad too.
'And even now, his mind is still working.'
The fact that they were chasing the Thormia army also meant it was a
trap designed by the enemy.
'It's dangerous. I want to change the route.' But that was probably
impossible.
The strategy proposed by Paimon was so destructive that no one else
could have thought of it.
'If we open the demonic realm, Paimon will also perish.' If it meant
obtaining tremendous pleasure, the demons were willing to accept their own annihilation.
'Havitz would do the same.'
Natasha asked,
"What's wrong, Balkan? Is there a problem?" "No, I just
have a strategic suggestion, but Havitz probably won't listen."
"Hmm."
She scratched her chin.
"Still, it might be better to tell him. After all, it's Havitz who
makes the choice."
"That's true."
Balkan judged it reasonable and kicked the horse's flank, approaching
Havitz.
"Havitz, I have something to say..."
Balkan's mouth shut.
Havitz was seen rubbing his right eye so hard that his skin turned
red.
"What's wrong?"
"There's a bug in my eye."
"A bug?"
As if a fly was trapped in his pupil, it fluttered around his field of
vision.
Havitz turned his head and asked,
"What did you want to say?"
Balkan, finding nothing in his eyes, regained his composure and
said,
"Ah, I wanted to suggest changing the route. It seems like the
enemy is luring us."
"I know."
Havitz scratched his eye so hard it bled.
"Doesn't matter anyway. There are humans there too. We're not going
there to win. We're going to kill."
An extreme philosophy, but...
"Just to make it clear, there's a chance we could all be wiped out.
It's that serious."
"So be it."
With blood running down his eye, Havitz maliciously split his
lips.
"I'm not going to die anyway."
Havitz raised both hands and gouged the eyes of the white horse he was
riding.
Keheheheheh!
As the beast screamed, Satan's incarnation technique, Banishing, was
activated.
"Here we go! Here we go!"
As if he had always been blind, the horse powerfully kicked off the
ground and charged forward.
Then, as his legs got tangled and he fell, Havitz was flung to the
ground.
"Kahaha! Kahahaha!"
Numerous legs passed by him, but none touched his body.
'Death will not occur.' It must be perfect.
'If this world is an illusion, then on the retina of the rolling Havitz,
a fly stuck and revealed its grotesque teeth.
"I am the greatest illusion!"
Releasing Banishing at the same moment, he reached out his arm and a
demon pulled him onto the horse.
"Let's go, to take everything!"
The voice of Havitz passed vividly to Gustav IV from behind.
Royal Palace Creta. On the highly confidential 4th basement floor,
employees of the National Intelligence Service were handling espionage.
Among them, a confidential meeting was held in the so-called 'dark
room,' which was restricted to Code Black access only.
"Sigh."
Dante, sitting with his legs spread in front of a box against the wall,
exhaled a long puff of cigarette smoke.
Even though it was called a dark room, there was lighting.
However, his face was not illuminated, and a heavy darkness was thickly
spread.
Lilia, the sorceress of Zion, snapped.
"Why are you posing like that? Do you think your ugly face will
look handsome?"
They were comfortable with each other, having sealed the Ice Queen
together, but today the atmosphere was different.
When Dante gave her a cold look, she flinched and turned her head
slightly.
"No, it's just that your expression is too serious..."
Lilia's brow furrowed.
"Wait a minute. This guy, I was being nice, and now he's climbing
all over me?"
Eden, the monk of the Holy War, intervened.
"Don't fight. We don't have time for this. By the way, why isn't he
coming?"
Armin spoke.
"If he can't make it on time, we have no choice but to proceed with
this team."
Sein nodded in agreement, while Kuan showed no emotion.
"He has arrived."
The door opened, and Meirei entered.
"Sorry for being late."
With a pale face, black bobbed hair, and a dress, she couldn't hide her
thin body.
Armin spoke.
"I heard from Dante. You supported the Holy War's elemental bomb
project."
She was responsible for identifying those who leaked confidential
information using the ability of the Great Purifier's ear.
"Yes. It's not finished yet, but since I'm the receiver, it doesn't
interfere with my mission. And the reason we're gathered here is as important as the elemental
bomb."
Kuan muttered.
"Assassination of Havitz."
The atmosphere, which had briefly lightened, became heavy again, and
Dante slowly stood up.
"Let's review briefly since we don't have much time."
Six pairs of eyes focused.
"Although information is still lacking, humanity's presumed extreme
singularities are largely three."
Dante raised three fingers.
"First, a predetermined future. Among all the probabilities that
can occur by law, it is the farthest from death. Second, the absence of events. His incarnation
technique seems to deny the recognition of existence. Third, the prison of time."
The reason this information is confidential is that it was heard through
the alumni channel, not the Tormia channel.
"According to Shirone, there is a specific time zone within the
concept of time where the law cannot penetrate. It's only a moment, but during that moment, no
phenomenon can occur."
Lilia spoke.
"So, he's free from all laws connected to the future, present,
past, and himself. He's just invincible, isn't he?"
"Yes. Previously, a swordman named Rian slightly suspected the
absence of events. This is almost the only case."
Knight of Maha.
"And he cut through the entire radius. There was no way to escape,
but he couldn't kill Havitz. Only twelve black marks were left. Shirone called it the prison of
time."
Kuan reacted.
"Rian... couldn't cut him?"
Kuan knew best the power contained in that brute's single strike.
"Yes. He's not an opponent you can overpower with force. That's why
we need your help."
It was a project designed from the time Zion's executives came to Tormia
under Miro's direction.
"First, Armin's stop magic." It makes many things
possible.
"We will infiltrate the center of the Hell army while time is
stopped and approach Havitz."
Dante looked at Lilia.
"Then you will use the law to remove Havitz from the front line.
You know how to connect spaces, right?"
"Of course. But will that really work?"
Satan is outside the law.
"If you're a Totemist, it's possible. You can set a trap in a space
that isn't Satan's."
Dante continued to explain.
"Once Havitz is isolated, the real battle begins. First, the
predetermined future. This can be offset by Sein's Iron Wheel Eye. Also, Sein will command the
battle."
The world's best order.
"The second is the absence of events. This will be dealt with
through Meirei's ear. We will also use the object 'Nemesis,' which was effective in the La Enemy
operation. It shares sound."
Lilia smacked her lips.
"So, we have to fight by only hearing. Well, I guess we should be
grateful for that much."
"It's different from the La Enemy case. Only Meirei, or rather
Theraphos, can perceive Havitz."
Meirei stepped forward.
"To be precise, I hear the quantum code, the mind, among the waves.
I can't hear the photon code, the sound. The wave inside Havitz will be transmitted to me. It's a fact
confirmed by the Chief Justice."
"Indeed, Theraphos once distinguished between good and evil by
listening to humanity's minds. So, the sound of the mind is different from thoughts?"
"Yes. It's a wave that represents the entirety of an entity. You
could call it the gene of the mind. By analyzing specific sections of the signal, you can know where
Havitz will move. The problem is manipulating the wave, which I think is impossible, but if it's
Satan..."
Dante continued to explain.
"Including such cases, Eden will protect the combatants. It's to
prevent situations where Havitz ambushes."
"Got it. Then the remaining issue is the prison of
time."
"Yes, it's quite tricky. You can't use stop. Once the prison of
time is activated, we can't perceive it. But if you think about it the other way, it could be an
opportunity."
Dante raised his index finger.
"It's ultimately about defense. The prison of time can't be used
for attacks. So, we have to strike first before it's activated."
"Before it's activated? Is that possible?"
"Normally, it's impossible. The prison of time is instantaneous.
The only way is..."
Dante looked at the person in the corner.
"The Clown Pierrot."
The asymmetry of escaping the opponent's perception had clearly reached
the depths of the law, surpassing technique.
Kuan remained silent.
"The key is to cut Havitz's neck before the prison of time is
activated. It's the most important role. Can you do it?" Which comes first, the spear or the
shield?
"…It's absurd."
While everyone waited for an answer, Kuan spoke with a cold
smile.
"You shouldn't think I'm the same as my stupid
disciple."