Chapter 926:
The Sin That Couldn't Continue (2)
Armin knew that it wasn't about underestimating Rian's skills.
'It's a well-known fact that no one can match the power of the Knight of
Maha's sword.'
However, when it came to technique, Kuan's movements were considered the
best among all of humanity.
'Bypassing Havitz's perception. If Kuan can't do it, no one can.'
With Sein's Iron Wheel Eye and Meirei's ability 'God's Frequency' added,
it wasn't an impossible task.
'Even if there's only a 1% chance, it's worth trying. Havitz is that
kind of person.'
Eliminating the extreme evil would end the war.
"Before we go, I have a confession to make," Meirei
said.
"Theraphos is fundamentally a race that pursues good. But if a
full-scale war between good and evil breaks out, they will no longer interfere in human
affairs."
Sein spoke.
"I know. Theraphos judges humanity, and if evil wins, they destroy
everything. Although it seems meaningless if good loses..."
Armin added.
"So if a full-scale war between good and evil starts, you won't be
able to use 'God's Frequency' either."
"Yes. This might be our last chance. That's why I want to do this
now."
"What is it?"
Instead of answering, Meirei extended her hand to Dante.
"Do you have an awl or something sharp?"
Dante walked to the desk and threw an awl used for making document files
from a drawer.
"Thank you."
Meirei caught the handle and aimed the awl at her ear as she continued
speaking.
"The unregulated use of God's Frequency is activated by blocking
the ears. It cuts off the world's waves and only accepts Theraphos's frequency. But there's a limit to
blocking with hands. Noise gets mixed in."
Meirei stopped speaking and inserted the awl into her ear, piercing her
eardrum.
As she slowly stirred it around, her nerves jumped, causing her eyelids
to tremble.
But that was all; Meirei calmly removed the awl with an indifferent
expression.
"It's done now."
Blood gushed from her ear canal, dripping down her earlobe.
"If it's just about hearing sounds, there's no problem. But the
waves of the mind are very sensitive. By losing my right hearing, I should be able to hear more
clearly."
Dante swung his arm and splattered blood on the floor after catching the
awl thrown by Meirei.
Sein, who was in charge of order, checked the time.
"Alright, let's go. The army of Hell is advancing on Tormia. We
need to isolate Havitz before that."
As the assassination squad followed Sein out the door, Dante called out
to someone.
"Lilia."
"Hmm?"
"Be careful."
Lilia chuckled.
"Oh come on, don't worry..."
Realizing something suddenly, Lilia turned back to Dante.
"You're really strange today. This isn't like you."
"What?"
"Why are you so serious? The coolest person in the world? You're at
your best when you do things your way."
Her cheeks slightly reddened, but Lilia returned to a serious expression
and spoke again.
"I don't know what you're thinking, but don't let your emotions
sway you. Be yourself. I'm scared."
The joke about dying if one's personality suddenly changes had some
truth in law.
"Okay."
Only after seeing Dante's relaxed smile did Lilia nod
reassuringly.
"Then I'll be back." As the door closed and Dante returned to
his seat in the shadows of the wall, he lit another cigarette.
'Iruki.'
They weren't particularly close, but that made him even more inclined to
suggest having a drink together.
"There should be some snacks."
Having made up his mind, Dante stood up abruptly and headed for the door
when Ena from the security team bowed her head.
"Team leader, I have something to report. The activation code for
Biochemistry..."
"Ena can handle it."
Ena looked up from flipping through documents.
"What? What does that mean...?"
"I'll delegate all authority over Rope to Ena. You won't need any
handover since it's you."
Since Biochemistry would be controlled by noble families anyway, it
didn't matter who opened the code.
"Oh, um..."
Ena accepted it after realizing it meant a promotion while looking
around nervously.
"What are you planning to do?"
Despite his cold smile, Dante's eyes were burning with
determination.
"To the battlefield."
He wouldn't stay hidden deep underground fiddling with scraps of
code.
"I'm so angry I could go crazy."
Omega 892 years.
After many long years and increasing their numbers, Goffin led Eden's
residents back into Heaven once again.
But even angels hadn't just been enjoying peace.
"Why?"
Through Babel, Kariel analyzed Gaia's technology and created numerous
ancient weapons.
"Why did you come back?"
Knowing this war would be different from before made Ikael both glad and
horrified at Goffin's return.
"You want to fight again? Aren't you tired of it? Admit your
limits. Humanity has already lost."
In war, winners take everything.
"Heaven has mastered all human technology and advanced further. The
result will be the same if we fight again."
Ashur finally arrived then.
"Ikael."
Before he could catch his breath after confirming Goffin's face, he also
gritted his teeth in anger.
'Is the war between gods and humans starting again?'
Whether he knew Ashur's thoughts or not, Goffin spread his arms
nonchalantly and asked,
"Did you miss me? You look like you're about to cry."
Ikael couldn't understand it.
"You say that now? Do you think time erases our past
too?"
"You misunderstand something. We're not here to fight."
"Huh?"
After blinking for a moment in thought, Ikael subtly brightened
up.
"...Are you surrendering?"
If Gaia raised a white flag, they could at least elevate their status as
much as possible.
"No. We don't recognize Anke Ra."
Feeling like he was being toyed with, Ikael raised her voice
angrily,
"You say you're not here to fight but want to become gods? Are you
playing word games with me?"
"Maybe." Goffin extended his hand,
"As Gaia's representative, I request a meeting with Anke Ra. Take
me to Ra."
Not only Ikael but also many angels who had already arrived were left
speechless with their mouths open wide,
"You want to meet directly...?"
"Yes. No one knows better than me how long our war has been going
on through every battle fought. I don't want any more senseless attrition wars. The reason I've returned
is to settle things with Ra once and for all."
Metiel shouted,
"A mere human wants an audience with God? Even angels can't see Him
without being summoned!"
"If you refuse..."
Goffin's eyes lit up as Gaia's Idea expanded massively into the
sky,
"We'll just do it again then."
Most angels showed hostility but didn't express it out loud,
"Even if there is a chance of winning in heaven...
They are Gaian.
Memories of battles etched in the minds of the angels for eons passed
by.
'Just when you think it's over, they tenaciously turn the situation
around. That's the most annoying part.'
To fight or to compromise.
Among the divided opinions of the angels, Ikael stepped forward as the
representative.
"You, who deny God, want to meet Him? No words can persuade
Him."
"I can."
Ikael's eyebrows twitched.
"I will stay."
Amidst the murmuring angels, Ikael focused all her nerves on
Goffin.
"I will give up becoming God. In return, let the remaining Gaians
go. Would that count as a negotiation?"
"Uh..."
Ikael halted her words, realizing she was trying to gauge Anke Ra's
intentions first.
"Agreed."
Her voice amplified through Ataraxia, the symbol of the archangel's
power.
"I will arrange a meeting. However, you will be the only one who
can participate."
"That's sufficient."
As Goffin looked back, the Gaians filling the land simultaneously
disconnected their links.
The angels held their ground as the meeting's outcome could lead to
war.
Goffin, rising into the sky, approached Ikael.
"Shall we go?"
"Hmph."
She turned away coldly, but her face was contorted as she moved away
quickly.
"Ha."
Why is this happening?
'How much have I regretted since that person disappeared?'
If only I had held on a little stronger at the last moment, if only I
had thrown my heart out more honestly.
Goffin, who had quietly approached by her side, said,
"You look like you have something to say."
"That..."
Ikael's lips moved, but no words came out, as if something was blocking
her throat.
"Do you plan to stay in heaven with us?"
She realized anew how difficult it was to put her heart into her
voice.
"Hmm."
Goffin nodded.
"Perhaps that will be the case?"
"Yeah???"
Her response was lacking, but a faint smile formed on Ikael's lips as
she turned her head back.
"Well thought. I will help you a lot."
Unaware that Goffin's eyes were filled with sorrow, Ikael arrived in
Aravot.
She prostrated herself at the door of the top floor where Anke Ra
resided.
"Anke Ra, Gaian representative Goffin McLain has requested a
meeting."
The door slowly opened and the thumping sound of Anke Ra's heart
escaped.
= = =
The sight of the huge mass of flesh pulsating like a heart was bizarre,
but Goffin was not startled.
Ikael stood up with a lively expression.
"He has agreed to the meeting. You must maintain decorum. Come find
me when it's over."
"Ikael."
She turned to leave, making room for him.
"What is it?"
It was the first time Goffin looked sad after fighting against vast
time.
'Indeed. He must give up what he so desired.'
Ikael comforted him.
"Do not be too sad. There are ways to live happily with us. Anke Ra
also...
"Hearts are connected."
Goffin tapped his chest twice and pointed at Ikael with his index
finger.
"I hope you will continue as well."
"What do you mean?"
Ikael tilted her head in confusion, but Goffin turned away without
answering and approached Anke Ra.
"Wait! Goffin...!"
The moment she reached out her hand, the stone door slammed shut,
blocking her view.
It was a sacred inviolable area.
"Anke Ra."
As Goffin walked toward the gigantic creature reaching the ceiling, the
thumping paused.
The sound of drums echoed as the center of the leather opened
horizontally, and eyeballs bulged out.
"Mc...click! McLain...click! The ends of nerves around the room
adjusted their sound waves annoyingly.
"Goffin."
Finally, the stabilized sound was majestic and calm enough to be
considered divine.
"You, who deceive the world and deny the law, why do you seek
me?" "You know, right? I will exit the photon system. There's a way to do it without
destroying the world. Let all the Gaians, except me, go."
"I forbid it."
Anke Ra was resolute.
"You have caused trouble at every moment in time. I do not trust
your words."
"That's why you are not a god." A long silence
followed.
"...What do you mean?"
"Not being able to trust means not knowing. If you don't know me,
you're not a god. So, how about we settle here who the real god is?"
"A settlement?"
Goffin spread his arms while looking at his own reflection in Anke Ra's
pupils.
"Swallow me."