Chapter 938:
Fanaticism (2)
King Gustav Havitz the 17th, the King of Desire.
Sharing the vibrations embedded in his heart, Sein and his party
suffered severe mental damage.
Sein bit his lip until it bled.
"Damn, that was a misjudgment."
He had thought they could track Havitz's location, but he hadn't
accounted for the nature of the vibrations.
Or had he really not?
Sein wasn't inexperienced enough to overlook variables with a problem
right in front of him.
"I did calculate it. It's just not in my memory, surely I must have
considered it in the flow of consciousness."
The problem was that the extreme emotional waves emitted were
horrifically beyond imagination.
"You can't prepare for what you don't know." Havitz's desire
felt akin to a quality that could not be physically manifested.
"You can't define the nature of fire physically. But just as
everyone knows what fire is...
All humans deep down share the heart of Havitz.
"One moment it's likable, the next it's not."
Such a being of chaos, capable of committing any horrific act because of
too much love.
"That's the realm Havitz rules."
Sein spoke up.
"Eden, come to your senses."
As the wheels of steel spun rapidly, Eden's mind, previously consumed by
terror, began to clear a little.
"Ah...?"
Realizing something of Sein's had been sacrificed to achieve this
effect, Eden's eyes changed.
"Yes, I'm sorry."
Although her name Yorara meant it shouldn't be so easily swayed, now
wasn't the time to care about embarrassment.
"We're going to remove Havitz. It's simple."
As everyone steeled their resolve, Kuan, Armin, and Meirei
simultaneously leaped into action.
"Hmm."
Despite the enemies approaching, Havitz merely tilted his head leisurely
from side to side.
This nonchalance was chilling, but Armin steeled his heart.
"He's alone. There are no demons to protect Havitz. If we kill him
before the situation escalates...
Before he could finish his thought, the Spirit Zone unfolded, and slow
magic was cast on Havitz.
As the pendulum-like movement of his head slowed, Meirei cast a sonic
cannon.
"That's it!"
They were all still aware of Havitz.
With both slow magic and the sonic cannon restraining his body and mind,
Kuan's blade was no trouble.
"I want to kill him cruelly but...
Using the movement of a fool clown, Kuan moved out of Havitz's awareness
and raised his sword.
"Consider yourself lucky."
Just as Kuan was about to close the 10-meter gap, Havitz's mouth slowly
opened.
"Ha?"
Time seemed to slow, but from just the sound and expression, it was
evident he was about to yawn.
Sein's thoughts raced.
"He's too relaxed. But his bluff ends here. You have to
die."
All elements analyzed through the steel wheels predicted Havitz's
death.
However.
"…Yawn."
Such a future did not exist for Havitz.
The wilderness sky flashed brightly, and then lightning scraped the
earth, followed by a thunderous roar.
Rumble!
The sound being delayed was the only reason they survived, but the noise
from right in front was not something you could stay calm about.
"Argh!"
Armin cast flicker magic to distance himself, while Kuan and Merei threw
themselves forward with all their might.
"What on earth...!"
As Armin staggered and looked back, dark smoke was rising into the
sky.
"Hmm, I didn't sleep well yesterday; I'm tired."
As the smoke cleared, Havitz was there, neck tilting just as
before.
"What's wrong? What did you do?"
While everyone watched Havitz in a daze, Sein slowly looked up at the
sky.
"Clouds already?"
It wasn't magic.
The countless elements of nature had long predicted lightning at this
time and place.
"It's just that Havitz was there."
"Even if you can read the weather, you can't calculate where
lightning will strike. So it can't be said that this was waited for and targeted."
Only desire.
Just tired from not sleeping well yesterday, and therefore wanting to
stay right there.
"A disaster triggered by chaos."
That was it.
"Weird guys. You called me here and haven't done anything yet? Are
you trying to kill me?"
As Havitz yawned again, he lowered his trousers and urinated.
"Pee."
Making noise with his mouth as he peed, Sein and his companions could
only watch.
Though he was vulnerable, they knew this was also an act dictated by his
desires.
"Should I cast slow again?"
Armin pondered.
"If I cast slow again, there's a high chance that lightning will
strike. No, it definitely will."
Perhaps right over his head.
"Wait, then does that mean if I don't cast slow, lightning won't
strike?"
Armin shook his head.
"I got the order wrong. It doesn't matter what I want. The
lightning will strike because it's going to strike."
That's the law of nature.
"So, to be precise, I changed my mind because the lightning struck
just before."
If the lightning hadn't struck, he wouldn't even be having these
thoughts now.
"I don't want to cast slow right now. If this thought has changed
because of the lightning, then maybe I should cast it after all...
"But even thinking this is influenced by the thoughts I had just
before."
In the end, he was just caught in an endless cycle.
"Damn it!"
Armin was usually mild-mannered, but this time he was cursing up a
storm.
"How can such a human exist?" A predestined future.
"To sleep when he wants, eat when he wants, kill when he wants, hit
when he wants...
All without guilt.
In the end, Havitz could do whatever he desired.
"Armin, don't overthink it." As Sein spoke, he rapidly
accelerated the rotation of the steel wheels.
"I'll handle it."
The sky darkened, and the two light wheels combined into a sun-moon
light wheel began spinning at the speed of light.
"A predestined future. Now that I've experienced it, I've got a
feel for it. Whether lightning strikes, winds blow, or earthquakes occur." Just block them.
"Pee. Pee."
As Havitz's urine stream continued tediously, Kuan launched himself
again.
"If Sein can block the predestined future, I'll kill Havitz before
he's aware."
At that moment, a purple aura rose from Havitz's body as he looked down
at the ground.
Kuan, drawing out twelve external gravities, circled endlessly around
Havitz.
Then, as the external gravities disappeared, he landed and stumbled a
few steps before stopping.
"What?"
As Kuan asked, everyone blinked and looked around.
Liria asked herself.
"What are we doing here?" To kill someone.
'I know that. But who exactly?' They were unaware that Havitz's
vanishing act had even been triggered.
"Ah, refreshing."
As Havitz shivered his shoulders and finished his business, he pulled up
his trousers and grabbed his longsword.
"Shall we try killing now?"
The reason Sein was the first target was simply that Havitz found his
face the most annoying.
"Looks like a corpse."
But his desire had made a logical, excellent choice.
"One first."
As Havitz swung his longsword, it sliced through the air aiming for
Sein's neck.
Just as it seemed to hit an invisible barrier, it stopped with a
thud.
"Huh! Huh!"
Eden had rushed to Sein's side and was holding out her hands in a
defensive stance.
"Hmm."
Havitz casually sheathed his sword and leaned in close to Eden, stroking
his mustache.
"Can you see me?" His elongated face blocked her entire view,
but Eden could neither see nor hear.
'Why did I raise a barrier?'
Instinctively reacting to the terrible murderous vibrations heard
through divine frequency.
'Tremendous mental vibrations.' Again consumed by fear, her hands
trembled, but Meirei's ability was definitive.
"I can't hold on long!"
Eden's face turned red.
In her mind, she had blurted out something utterly nonsensical.
Like approaching a stranger in broad daylight and making animal
noises.
If the mental vibrations weren't still audible, her mouth would never
have opened.
'That's it.'
Everyone felt as if they had heard the correct answer.
'We're missing something.'
Sein's nose wrinkled.
'I'm activating the sun-moon light wheel. There's someone to fight. I've
just somehow missed that fact.'
Hypnosis? Hallucination? Mental magic? Laws?
'Or am I crazy? No, definitely not. The murderous vibrations are right
here.'
If it wasn't for the divine frequency, and if he wasn't the world's
greatest owner, he wouldn't have thought of it.
'I decided to kill.'
It doesn't matter who it is.
"Kill!"
As Sein spit out the concept most closely associated with Havitz,
everyone moved.
'Don't think.'
Like a machine, at the moment where the murderous vibrations were,
from...
"Huh?"
For the first time in his life, Havitz felt perplexed.
'That shouldn't be possible?'
It was the result of everyone's effort, but Meirei, who had the divine
frequency, was indeed the key.
'Right here!'
Although the murderous intent turned into confusion, Kuan clearly heard
the location of his target.
'Honestly, it still seems crazy.'
In his childhood, he imagined waving a stick at monsters, but...
'I'm an adult.'
He wasn't "pure" enough to turn imagination into
reality.
'But I'll cut him down.'
It was the resolve of a swordsman who had trained with a blade his
entire life, not a child's whim.
With a fierce sound, Kuan's sword sliced perfectly through the
air.
'Did it.'
Everyone's movements stopped, and as Kuan landed and looked back at
where he had struck, he frowned.
'Was it just an illusion?'
At that moment, Sein noticed twelve black marks left where Kuan had
slashed.
"Armin! Stop!"
His tongue moved as if on its own, driven by endless simulations in his
mind.
'Stop!'
As time froze, twelve figures in black robes came into view.
'Shioh!'
Though there were still gaps in his understanding, information about
Shioh quickly surfaced in his mind.
At that moment, Havitz deactivated Vanishing.
"...Quite interesting."
The relief of finally recalling hit him like a spark, and Sein clenched
his fist.
"Grrr!"
How could he have forgotten Havitz?
"I don't know what it is, but..."
As the twelve Shioh figures parted to either side, Havitz walked forward
confidently.
"Can you read my mind?"
Sein's group didn't respond.
'There are countless ways to imagine how they could track my location.
No need to reveal anything.'
"This is really fun."
Havitz's eyes curved like seagulls.
"Didn't think I'd know?"
Knowing his location. Reading his mind.
The insight that bridged the logical gap between these two statements
was...
"It's my mind."
All of Sein's group's actions were the result of interacting with
Havitz's mind.
"It's a feeling. Just knowing the location wouldn't have prompted
such a response."
A sigh escaped Sein's lips.
'Right. Before being the ultimate evil or chaos, he's the emperor of the
Gustav Empire.'
Havitz wasn't a fool.
"So tell me."
Havitz's eyes gleamed with madness as he scrutinized each member of
Sein's group.
"Whose ability is it?"
At that moment, a terrifying thought crossed Sein's mind.
'The predetermined future.'
Is it something humans can interfere with?
'Even if they could, how would I know? Time is just one whole.'
Sein's mind raced.
'Ultimately, Havitz leaving the battlefield was also part of the flow of
time. Why? Because the Elemental Bomb Project succeeds in the future? Or...'
His thoughts halted.
In a state as blank as a white sheet, only the initial question floated
to the surface.
'Why did Havitz choose this place instead of the battlefield?'