Chapter 945:
Hidden Code (4)
The war between the coalition forces and the demons in the flower field
resembled a life-erasing game of bingo.
Brilliant movements and powerful magic simply calculated the outcomes
through simple reduction.
"There's no end! It's not an exaggeration!"
No matter how many demons were killed, they seemed to reappear in their
places instantly, and the coalition forces sensed an impending defeat.
"Mwahaha! I'll wrap your intestines around!" shouted a horned
demon, aiming a spear at a soldier's abdomen.
"Gack!"
The air erupted with a loud noise, and the demon's torso twisted and
snapped apart.
"Oops, sorry."
Appearing with an afterimage, Natasha grabbed the demon's spinal column
and stuck out her tongue.
"Why. Why..."
The demon, whose torso had fallen to the ground, raised its head in
confusion, but Natasha had already turned her gaze away.
'Where did he hide?'
In a combat too fast to be called merely "high-speed,"
mistaking one's target was common.
It meant she was focused, and her consciousness was wholly fixated on
Rian's location.
"Yaaah!"
As Rian shouted, the landscape exploded around him, slashing through
dozens of demons within a radius of several meters.
Amid the cleared view, Rian's demon form was visible.
"There he is."
As soon as she finished speaking, Natasha and her avatar simultaneously
disappeared from the space.
Rian widened his eyes.
"Time seesaw."
A phenomenon known to humans as "life flashing before one's
eyes," detaching the time of the senses from brain time.
While the body remains in reality, the brain is processing a massive
cross-section of signals.
'Normally, you die. If you feel this, you die.'
Except in cases of extraordinary luck, it's nearly impossible to
extricate oneself by one's own power.
'But I am…'
As Divine Transcendence activated, Rian's body began to move beyond its
limits.
'It's Ogent Rian!'
As Natasha's fist struck a broad surface in the instant Rian pulled his
greatsword up to his chest, he grunted.
"Guugh!"
Through repetitive training, Rian managed to push his greatsword forward
before the shockwave penetrated.
The force enough to overload his shoulders was more about supersonic
speed than brute strength.
'Time to counterattack!'
Overcoming inertia, Rian stopped midair and stepped forward, swinging
his greatsword.
Instead of her upper body, Natasha bent her knees and rose up like a
shadow, shaking her upper body.
'Incredible flexibility.'
Even in a strobe of moments, her upper body seemed to split into two,
and a burst of punches surged forward.
'I dodge.'
Rian swiftly twisted his body, pulling in his greatsword to strike her,
when suddenly—
"Ugh!"
A dull impact surged from an unguarded flank, and he heard the sound of
bones snapping.
"Arghhh!"
Pushed to the side, Rian tried to overcome the inertia but couldn't
muster strength in his legs.
'What the…'
Where and how had he been hit?
As Rian stooped and stopped, turning forward, Natasha was already
approaching him.
'This woman, she really can fight.'
It wasn't so much that humans were strong—though they were—it was more
that she had a knack for pushing things to the extreme.
'A genius in combat.'
That was why she was known as Gustav IV.
"Hmm."
Resting her chin on her hand, Natasha examined Rian's condition and
frowned slightly.
"I've felt this before…"
Even Rian, usually indifferent to others' assessments, swallowed and
waited for her next words.
"You really have no talent, do you?"
Her expression remained unchanged, but something heavy settled in Rian's
heart.
"Why do you use so much strength? You should move by calculating
time and space. Your rhythm is a mess, and you lack creativity. Fighting you is really no
fun."
"I'm not fighting for fun."
Natasha easily conceded.
"Of course, you're not. But that's an important part, isn't it? Do
you want to spend your life doing something you find no joy in?"
Rian fell silent again.
"You are a strong person but… I can't find any other strengths in
you."
Rian was strong.
But he was probably the person furthest from being good at anything to
the extreme.
"That's why it's a pity. Want to learn how to fight from me? Just a
few adjustments might do you good."
"Shut up."
Rian's ribs reconnected.
"I don't discriminate when it comes to learning, but you're an
exception. There's nothing to learn from a villain of the underworld."
"What if I wasn't a villain?"
Silence lingered for a moment.
"What do you mean?"
"You don't want to learn from a villain, right? Then, for the
duration of your training, I'll be on the side of humans. You have good physical abilities. It would be
a shame to waste them."
Natasha remained an enigma, but there was something inherently
definitive about her.
"I see."
Rian smiled bitterly.
"You must have no flaws."
Among the many geniuses Rian had met, she was the closest to
perfection.
"I'll take your word for it. Although you're an enemy, I can tell
it's sincere. But you can't teach me. If it could have been fixed, it would have been fixed long
ago."
"That's why I'm offering help."
"To someone else, the lack you see in me might just be a minor
flaw. Like finding the exact right part to fix a machine."
"Isn't it?"
"You wouldn't understand."
This time, Natasha was the one who fell silent.
"How many times I've swung my sword to overcome that one flaw. What
I've tried. How long I've resented and cursed myself."
"That's why it's a pity."
"Ever thought about it? Not the flaw itself, but the efforts of the
person who has that flaw."
"A genius dancer was born in the Gustav Empire!"
Natasha had stood out in the dance world since she was just seven years
old.
Even in front of the empire's most powerful figures, her dance was a
perfect art.
"Amazing. That child doesn't even seem nervous."
She didn't need to be nervous.
'Rotation.'
With her hands above her head and pivoting on the tip of one foot, her
center of gravity was perfectly aligned with the direction of gravity.
'Leap.'
Jumping high with an elasticity uncharacteristic of a child, Natasha's
body traced a beautiful line.
"Wow!"
Even the spectacle of the audience widening their eyes seemed visible to
her.
'It's fun.'
Being good at something.
'I want to be better. Then it'll be more fun.'
The angle of each of the 10 fingers, the bending of the knees, the
position of the chin, the degree of gravity, the distance from the ground, air resistance, sightlines,
facial muscles.
'I can feel it all.'
Not checking and adjusting each one, but her entire body becoming a
brain.
During her time in the air, countless thoughts passed.
'And upon landing...'
As the music sped up, Natasha's toes began to cross rapidly.
Music flowed in her mind, and her body continually broke the
rhythm.
Rhythm.
A measure of how many events can fit into a single moment.
"She's a genius! No need for further words!"
Although her peer Daphne was there, only Natasha was seen in the eyes of
the officials.
Even the head of the dance troupe felt the same.
'Rhythmic deviation. At least one-thousandth of a beat.'
When some rhythms are cut on the beat, someone else taps the rhythm 0.1
beats slower.
If that's called a tenth of a beat, a skilled person can feel up to a
hundredth of a beat.
But being off by one-thousandth of a beat from the beat is beyond human
perception.
The sense itself that rushes in feels almost like goosebumps.
"Bravape!"
Applause burst out as the Gustavian word for "amazing" was
uttered.
Natasha became a star overnight, but in her mind, she only wanted to
excel in dance.
"Daphne."
In the practice room, Natasha called out.
"Hmm?"
Though they were close peers, Daphne felt overshadowed by the world's
attention on Natasha.
"Your center is a bit off,"
"Really? I didn't notice when I looked in the mirror."
"About two degrees. We're young and our muscles are weak, so it's
crucial to precisely find your center. When you rotate, don't focus on the axis of rotation but imagine
a circular band."
"A circular band?"
"Centrifugal and centripetal forces. Instead of focusing power,
imagine that the power gathers by itself."
"Ah..."
Realizing something, Daphne bounced her bent knees and spun on her
toes.
"That's it!"
Surprised at herself, Daphne briefly wore a dazed expression, then
grabbed Natasha's hand.
"Thanks, Natasha. I thought you'd become famous and wouldn't care
about someone like me."
"What are you talking about? I hope everyone can know the joy of
dance. Let's work hard and stand on the same stage."
"Yeah."
Tears welled up in Daphne's eyes.
As time passed, Natasha and Daphne reached adulthood.
Daphne tried hard, but ultimately, Natasha, not just in Gustav but
perhaps the best dancer in the world, was unmatched.
"Daphne, don't listen to the music, try to play it in your mind.
While doing that, push slightly like this. This way with your fingertips..."
Even Natasha's hand movements were mesmerizing.
"Amazing."
While it wasn't visually apparent what was different, Daphne certainly
felt it.
"A tenth of a degree, no, a hundredth of a degree
difference?"
Daphne forced a smile.
"Yeah, I'll try."
"Good. Fight on!"
Returning to her spot to resume practice, Natasha watched as Daphne's
emotions became complex.
"She never rests."
Unlike other young people who frequented cafes or dated, Natasha had no
interest in those things.
Only dance.
When dancing, Natasha always wore the happiest expression in the
world.
As Daphne bowed her head for a moment, she grabbed her bag and passed by
Natasha.
"I'll head out first. I'm not feeling well."
"Huh? Suddenly? Where do you feel bad?" Without answering,
Daphne opened the door to the practice room, her eyes filled with despair.
And so, the years went by.
One day, Natasha was abducted by a thug, resulting in a broken
spine.
It was the end of a genius dancer's career.
Coming out of her reverie, Natasha spoke.
"I've never thought about it, but if that's really why you hated
me..."
Natasha's cheeks puffed up.
"That's a bit unfair."
"I don't know what you've been through, but I do know this. To you,
it's just a flaw, but for them, it was a lifetime burden. Unless you understand this...
Rian aimed his greatsword.
"Your kindness will never be understood."
Rian's words, oddly enough, hurt Natasha more than a threat to kill
her.
"I didn't try hard enough."
For the first time, a chill filled the eyes that were always bright like
a cat's.
"I didn't try as hard as me."
"That's right. I don't know who you're talking about, but it
definitely isn't you."
The puppet master controlling Natasha moved.
"You took away the most important thing." Natasha never
bothered to find out whether Daphne, who hired a thug to beat her up, was actually responsible or
not.
Rather than dwelling on irreversible events, her tendency was to strive
to be the best in her field.
That extreme tendency itself was genius...
'I want to dance.'
The days when she was simply happy to let her body flow with the music
were gone.
"I kill. That is my job."
Dance of Death—Rhythmic Concerto.
In the seesaw of time, the moment Natasha moved, a shiver ran down
Rian's spine.
'What?'
It was a thousandth of a beat.