Chapter 946:
All Histories (1)
"There it is."
Tess ran through the massive shadow cast by the petals of
Biochemistry.
Despite covering the 300 meters rapidly, the surrounding Biochemistry
were burning, struck by flashes of light.
Finding the ancient weapon stolen by the enemies was easy.
A group of elite demons, appearing to be guarding the area Tess was
running towards, was less vigilant than expected.
"My father's enemy."
Demons infuriated her, but the longer she delayed, the greater the
damage to the Biochemistry would be.
As Tess rolled her feet, generating external gravity, her body soared
upwards.
By the time the demons turned their heads, Tess had already clung to a
pillar of Biochemistry.
She ran vertically along the pillar.
As the sounds of the battlefield faded, a dark swarm flew in from beyond
the sky.
"Caw! Caw!" It was a humanoid bird with black feathers.
'This is the limit.'
Realizing this, Tess searched for the nearest entrance and infiltrated
through the Biochemistry.
Inside, demons were on guard, but not so much that she couldn't evade
their gaze.
After silently taking down a few demons and concealing even their
corpses, she climbed higher...
"Yah! Yah!"
A charged old man's voice followed by a woman's tearing scream
echoed.
"Please forgive me! Please!"
It was the control room.
She moved like a spider, hanging from the ceiling, and slowly peeked her
face from above the doorway.
"Puahaha! This is really fun, isn't it? You really do everything
you're told!"
Tess's eyes bulged with fury.
The 4 Gustavs'.
Smodo, who tormented the Huacho, was a dreadful pervert, and Zetaro,
overseeing the battlefield, paid no mind.
"Smodo, don't get too carried away. Your attacks keep
missing."
Given the Huacho's nature to feel most stable when following orders,
threats or torture were seemingly unnecessary.
'He's enjoying this.'
Though Tess had been trained in many methods of torture, the way these
men operated wasn't about extracting anything.
The Hua begged.
"Rather kill me, please..."
"Puahaha! Zetaro, did you hear? This woman still thinks she's
alive? Maybe you need a mirror to see what condition you're in?"
"Smodo, stop the strategy now…"
As Zetaro sighed and turned his head, his eyes widened.
"Duck!"
"Huh?"
The moment Smodo turned to the entrance, Tess's kick smashed his
jaw.
"Kuhk!"
Teeth flew towards the ceiling as Smodo's body flipped over.
"You damn bastards!"
Temporarily setting aside her surging rage, Tess checked on the
Huacho.
"Are you okay? Hey!"
The Huacho seemed to have lost consciousness, her head tilting
unnaturally.
'She's dead.'
As Zetaro helped Smodo up, he clicked his tongue.
"Pitiful. How did a young girl end up like this... Rest in
peace."
Tess's mind spun.
"…Are you joking?"
Despite feeling the intense killing intent, Zetaro remained calm.
"To you, is all this just a joke?" "You."
Smodo, now missing teeth, wiped the blood and spat out.
"Nice figure."
Tess felt choked with annoyance.
"You rank in the top 1.78 percent of all the women I've seen.
Estimating your weight..."
Before he could finish, Tess's fist turned Smodo's jaw.
Zetaro frowned as he looked down at him on the ground.
"Always asking for it, huh? Kuhk!"
Tess then grabbed Zetaro by the hair and smashed his face against the
control room wall like mad.
His face was bloodied before it even hit a few times.
"Bad bastards! Just plain evil!" As Zetaro's body stopped
responding, Tess threw his limp body to the ground.
Zetaro hit the ground like a corpse, and Smodo crawled on the floor with
a busted lip.
"Ow, what woman has fists this heavy? Agh!"
Tess, wielding a saber, then stabbed his calf.
"Does it hurt?"
She drove the saber deep into the floor through his calf and approached
Smodo's face.
"Does it hurt? Just this hurts? So you scream?"
"Ah, ah."
Even his trembling hands seemed disgusting.
Tess grabbed his index finger and crushed it.
"Now you experience the same."
She bent his finger at a right angle.
"Ah! It hurts! It hurts!"
"Yes, that's pain."
Tess broke another of his fingers.
"Ouch! Ouch, I'm going to die! This is elder abuse!"
"Shut up."
After breaking six fingers in total, Smodo, now too weak to resist,
buried his face on the ground and sobbed.
"It hurts so much. Please, forgive me."
"Forgive? Did you show mercy to that woman?"
"I did wrong…"
Tess felt like her heart was going to burst, but she couldn't even name
her feelings.
"How does it feel now? Is it fun? Is destroying the body, causing
pain, and hearing screams that enjoyable, you bastard?"
Silence lingered.
"Third-rate."
"What?"
Smodo's face, now showing disgust, said,
"Doing it for fun is third-rate," Smodo sneered, revealing his teeth in
a smile.
Tess shuddered, unable to read a hint of remorse in his eyes.
"What are you… If it's not for fun, then why do this?"
"Because I can," Smodo declared freely.
"Smodo, are you in your room?"
His mother always felt her throat dry up when she entered Smodo's
room.
Her twelve-year-old son.
Not that he caused trouble, but perhaps the trouble was already in his
mind.
"Yes, I'm here. I'm not going out."
"It's not because of that." Like any parent, Smodo's mother lied as she
opened the door.
The sight of vertical lines densely drawn on the white wall made her
dizzy.
These precisely placed objects also pained her heart.
"Relatives have come over."
Smodo had severe OCD.
Since infancy, he had to use the same bottle, the length of pencil wear
was predetermined daily, and chaos ensued if books weren't arranged in order on the shelf.
"Have fun and send them off. I'll stay here."
'His mind is truly exceptional.'
Only for that reason, Smodo was still someone to be protected.
"Sigh. Smodo, how long can you live like this? I know your OCD is
severe, but let's overcome it. You're going to be someone great. You hardly go to school but you always
come first in exams."
Smodo didn't respond, but he seemed conflicted.
"Let's go out. Just greet the relatives and come back."
"Do you promise?"
His mother's face brightened.
"Yes, just to greet them, okay?" She gently pulled on her son's wrist,
and Smodo followed, albeit reluctantly.
Downstairs, his father was chatting with the relatives.
"Oh? There's Smodo!"
He saw kids his age playing tag.
But to Smodo, they were just objects moving through space.
As Smodo descended the stairs, he noticed salt spilled on the dining
table.
It seemed the kids playing tag had knocked over the salt shaker.
Smodo stared fixedly at the table until his aunt called him.
"It's been a while, Smodo. Remember me?"
"Yes."
Smodo never forgot the shape of objects.
"Except for the wrinkles you've gotten around your left eye."
He could list endlessly, but he restrained himself.
"Hoho! You're really funny. I hear you're doing well in your
studies?"
His mother hinted subtly.
"Yes. I topped again this time."
"Oh, Smodo goes to Gustav Public, right? I heard it's where all the
geniuses gather."
"He's still young, but I hope he becomes someone important for the
empire…"
While the adults conversed, Smodo's gaze kept shifting back to the
table.
"Hahaha! Run away! Run away!"
The kids running caused the floor to thump loudly.
"Ahh! Got caught!"
The salt bounced up.
As the noise faded, all Smodo's focus was on the salt.
It felt like he was going insane.
His heart raced, and every nerve in his body was on edge.
Thump.
A child kicked the table as they ran past.
"Aaaaah!"
As the adults turned at Smodo's scream, he had already rushed over and
pushed the child away.
"Smodo!"
The fallen child cried, and his mother yelled, but Smodo was already on
his knees at the table, frantically sorting through the salt.
"Damn it! It's all mixed up!"
In the bizarre scene, the thought that he had pushed a child
vanished.
"Smodo, what are you doing?"
"The salt is all mixed up. It needs to be back in its place. This one
was here, and this particle, yes, here!"
"The salt…"
His mother asked.
"What about it?"
A faint hint of anger tinged her voice.
"Damn it! This needs to be stacked. I need tweezers."
She knew he had OCD.
But this was beyond ordinary compulsiveness.
'My son hasn't gone mad.' His mother said tearfully.
"Smodo, it's just salt. It's just spilled."
"It's not. The size, shape, color, every particle is different."
As soon as he finished speaking, his mother turned his shoulder and
slapped his cheek with all her might.
"What's wrong with you? What's bothering you?"
She didn't care that relatives were watching.
"Are you stupid? Are you an idiot? Why live like this? Why?"
Smodo moved as his mother shook him.
Slapping him, yelling at him, he wasn't resentful.
Living with OCD all his life, it was a minor issue to him.
'I am…'
An essential question lingered in the child's mind.
'What world am I living in?'
Whether it was a mistake, a blessing, or a curse, he felt trapped in the
framework that constituted this world.
Tess retorted.
"Because you can… you say?"
"Yes. That's freedom. You just broke my fingers, didn't you? Because you
can."
"Is that supposed to be an excuse?"
Smodo broke his own fingers, shouting.
"See? I can do it too!"
Tess grimaced.
"What's the problem? If it's wrong, the world shouldn't have been made
this way in the first place! Complain to the one who made it! We do it because we can, so why are you
freaking out on me, huh?"
With his broken fingers, Smodo pushed himself off the ground,
screaming.
"Aaaaah!"
Though his calf muscle tore on the sabre, he staggered to his feet, his
shirt ripped open.
He wasn't wearing any pants.