Chapter 949:
All Histories (4)
During the 40,000 years Goffin spent in the lotus, the Elixir of Life
was developed in heaven, and the Nephilim were active throughout the universe.
Beings with the spirit of angels in human bodies.
Instinctively exploring the truths of life, they eventually come to
recognize the existence of heaven through the Immortal Function.
Numerous stargates were installed on the planet, and angels under the
command of Anke Ra guided humans in their life's direction.
Some humans followed these gates into heaven.
Among those humans were the ancestors of Smille.
"Lord Kariel! A signal of rebellion has been detected on Planet 13
in the 64th solar system of the Alphacross Galaxy."
"Such trivial beings..."
Not all Nephilim were successful in their guidance.
Humans, with their strong subjectivity, sometimes denied Anke Ra and
even declared themselves as gods.
"Even though they are faded, are they still descendants of the
Gaian?"
Heaven's armies were dispatched.
Many humans were destroyed, and the most celebrated for his achievements
was the giant king, Ymir.
"He's too strong."
Although created as a biological weapon to suppress Goffin, the problem
was that the universe couldn't handle it either.
-Breaking the system is not permitted.
By Anke Ra's command, Ymir was isolated in Niflheim, the thickest ice
region in heaven.
"Hmph! Such small fry."
Unless Goffin attacks heaven again, it seemed unlikely that he would
return to the world.
Then, one day, an incident occurred.
A human broke through the walls of heaven.
Later, this man would be recorded in history with a weight comparable to
the Gaia Resistance. His name was "Smille!"
He was an Ogent.
When the walls of heaven were destroyed, Anke Ra was indifferent.
'The world has stabilized.'
Although Goffin, not included in the Akashic Records, still resides in
the universe, heaven's forces were too strong for him to attempt anything.
-Eliminate. Deprive those who defy the will of God of their
existence.
Anke Ra, having issued a grand directive, was pleased with the fact that
heaven's system was perfect, though he lacked a heart.
'Uh?'
It was then that Anke Ra's eyes snapped open, and his pupils vibrated
with a chiming sound.
'What?'
The first heavenly wall, Shamain, was breached.
It wasn't too strange since it was where mortal divinities lived, but
the speed was excessively fast.
Ching! Ching!
His pupils shook violently, and Anke Ra's nerves tensed up.
The residence of the fallen angels, the second heaven Lakia, was also
breached.
Although their powers were sealed, they too were angels with bodies of
holy light.
'Why so fast?'
No matter how many simulations were run, no close biological entity
could be found.
Finally, Anke Ra accessed the Akashic Records, examining the logs of
worldly events with a sense of detachment...
'A human?'
He discovered one human whose form was disintegrating.
'Guest code: Ogent.'
The beings in the third heaven, who had reached the technique of
manifestation, and the fairies born from the essence of the fourth heaven were also helplessly
breached.
"Kiiiiii!"
Faced with the situation of his system being compromised from the bottom
up, Anke Ra let out a scream.
'Why? Why?'
The first strike at the walls of heaven was a minor shock that could
occur once in the vast universe. However, the information received in less than an hour was difficult to
attribute to the same human.
"Human!"
Ogent, transformed into a demon's body, broke through the giants and
demolished the wall of the fifth heaven.
Anke Ra stubbornly resisted.
'It's not Goffin. It's not a Gaian. It's just a human.'
However, it was frighteningly close to becoming a Gaian.
'It can't be connected.'
If anyone could become a Gaian, then Anke Ra would have to eliminate all
humans again.
'So, I watch.' As if Goffin had come to settle scores.
'Entering the sixth heaven, Jevul.'
As the highest angels in the universe, Ogent's momentum weakened.
'Caught?'
It wasn't weak enough to be certain, so he waited for significant
data.
'No.'
An impact from outside this world, a signal not existing in the Akashic
Records, struck the grand universe.
'Idea!'
It continued.
"No!"
A terrible event stored in the database drove Anke Ra to extreme
measures.
He detached the entire grand universe and relocated it to a planet in
space.
And shortly after, a signal from Idea was detected from a place very far
from heaven.
'At least it's safe for now.'
But it couldn't be left as is.
If Ogent contacts Goffin, the Ultima System might emerge again in this
world.
"Come, Ymir."
As soon as the command was issued, Ymir broke through the walls of
Aravot and approached.
Although he arrived in a few leaps, it was obvious what had happened to
the places where he had set foot.
"Hmph."
Instead of greeting, Ymir snorted through his nose, still harboring
resentment from his isolation in Niflheim.
"Ymir, in heaven..."
"I know. Something came."
Ymir's senses were crafted from the insights of 10 billion
Gaians.
"Seems you were quite anxious too, by the fact that you called
me."
Why was Ymir prickly towards Anke Ra?
Even though the Gaian is gone, isn't his spirit still present? An
illogical thought momentarily crossed his mind.
"Behave. Indulgence will not be tolerated."
Ymir knelt.
"I accept the command."
"Eliminate him. That's your only mission."
When no response came, Anke Ra added,
"Don't you want to find a reason for your existence?" Finally,
Ymir responded.
"Knowing how many disappointments there have been, I don't think
this time will be different."
Being the strongest means being far superior to the second
strongest...
'It means there is no reason for existence.' After countless battles,
everything had simply crumbled in Ymir's hands.
Ashur, Son Goku, Zeus, or Behemoth—there was only a difference in
degree, none could satisfy his deficiency.
'Now they're all aged. Only Ashur is decent.'
"It's a human who handles the mind."
It was a blow to Anke Ra's pride, but Ymir bit the bait.
"The mind?"
Goffin came to mind.
"Go. Maybe there you'll find a reason for your
existence."
'Is that the extent?'
Lost in thought, Ymir turned around.
"Send me."
"Prove that you are the king of giants."
The moment Anke Ra's voice reached his eardrums, Ymir's coordinates were
flung to the far reaches of the universe.
In the future, on the planet where Shirone would live, the greatest
battle in the universe took place.
His name was Ogent.
The first human besides Goffin to give Ymir a feeling of being
alive.
However, he sacrificed himself to save Smille.
Ymir was saddened, but he realized Anke Ra was right.
'I found a reason for existence.'
Someday they would meet again.
When Ymir returned to Aravot, Anke Ra's voice was tinged with
thorns.
"You left a loophole."
"Eliminating Ogent was all you said, wasn't it?"
For now, that was true.
"What reward do you seek? If you wish to avoid being confined to
Niflheim..."
"No."
Ymir shook his head.
"There is no prison that can hold me. You know that, don't
you?" "I will not fight anymore. Not until I feel like fighting again."
"You have proven you are the king of giants. You will have much to
do."
Ymir extended his index finger, and his nail grew long, dripping onto
the floor like a liquid.
"I'll leave just one nail behind."
As the nail from the index finger fell, the part of Ymir born beside the
main body approached Anke Ra.
"I will handle all duties. Command me."
As the expansion of heaven was accelerating, Ymir would have to fight
countless enemies.
'Just one nail?'
That should be enough.
How many times he would have to replicate before the main body awoke, he
didn't know, but it would suffice until then. Ymir's main body left Aravot and sank into the deepest
parts of Niflheim again.
The Suois that coexisted with him gathered joyfully, sharing stories of
the world.
"Huhu."
Licking the empty space where a tooth had been, Ymir laughed.
'Keep watching. See how far it goes.'
Ogent Smille.
Knowledge is contained in history.
And at this point, Shirone had absorbed almost all the history of the
universe.
'The spine of knowledge.'
The grand project started in the library of the Ogent family was nearing
its end.
The repository of knowledge in Shirone's depths expanded into the fourth
dimension, removing spatial limitations.
'When I started, I thought all knowledge was connected.'
Eventually, even time merged into the space, transforming into a
fifth-dimensional multicube.
'Rather, it was the opposite.' If Arius were to enter the depths again,
he would realize only this fact.
'All knowledge originated from one.' God.
And finally, Shirone, with the brain of a god, faced the end of
history.
Omega Year 999.
Heaven reached an unprecedented golden age.
Everything was peaceful, and if things continued, some planets would
create a system of dread based on Anke Ra as a model and create a new world.
But as always, the problem was human.
"Why!"
The seven archangels sat at the table of White Hall, engaging in heated
debate.
"Why does every planet plot rebellion? What, is it a trend? We gave
them everything! Eternal life, the paradise they seek, we made it all!"
"Because they're human."
Satiel said venomously.
"It was a mistake to create the Elixir of Life. Trust humans?
They're beings that always think of overthrowing God. They can't stand someone being above
them."
"There's nothing wrong with my Elixir of Life. Haven't numerous
races followed Anke Ra so far?"
"Authority."
Uriel uttered.
"There's no authority."
"Am I lacking?"
"That's not what I mean. It's not perfect. It's us."
All eyes turned to the empty seat of the archangel.
"Ikael."
The reason Anke Ra couldn't reset was that he couldn't give Goffin a
second chance.
In the end, he could only partially excise the event, and the aftermath
was severe, especially for beings with high spiritual bodies.
'Surely there's something. Even without a terribly clear memory, it's
possible to infer based on the gaps formed in the body of holy light.'
'For example, having had a human child.'
Kariel shook his head.
Such illogical thoughts also must be an aftereffect of memory
deletion.
Nevertheless, the form of the gap was too impure.
"We need Ikael. Without a perfect White Hall, authority won't
stand."
Currently, Ikael, having lost all her powers, was being punished in the
spire of Aravot.
Her punishment was to fly to the rebellious planets and destroy
civilizations.
Only then could Ikael regain her power, and the archangels didn't
understand why that was considered a punishment.
Nor did Ikael herself.
But she...
'Why am I doing this?'
She couldn't hold back the tears that flowed every time she returned
from killing humans.
'Goffin.'
It had been since that secret night meeting that no one in heaven had
noticed.
'Just once, if I could meet him one more time.'
There was a knock.
"Come in."
Ashur carefully opened the door and hesitated to speak.
"Is it a mission?"
"Yes. I'm sorry." He had watched Ikael's tears countless times
after completing her missions.
"It's not your fault, Ashur. And it's the archangel's duty to
punish those who rebel against Lord Anke Ra."
Ikael took a deep breath and smiled.
"Where is it?"
"It's a planet located in the 7th solar system of the Oregon
Galaxy. The Kergo race settled there 1,500 years ago, but recently they've been detected denying
God."
"Kergo, that's surprising. Their faith is notably strong among the
three divine races of heaven."
"It's different for each Kergo land. Humans tend to drift away from
the heart as they move away from sight. If this continues, the heaven expansion project will
fail."
Ikael nodded vigorously.
"Alright. I'll personally punish them and set their sanctity right.
You said the 7th solar system?"
"Yes, the seventh planet of the 7th solar system. It's a volcanic
island in the sea, so it won't take long."
"Hmm? A volcanic island."
As Ashur held the door open, he added,
"The natives are called the Galliant."