Chapter 956:
What Goffin Left Behind (3)
Balkan muttered to himself.
"There are no elites in the demon army."
When Havitz insisted on heading to the capital of Tormia, Balkan made a
suggestion.
Send the legion commanders' units to various parts of the world and
attack Bashka with the remaining 95% of the forces.
Paimon glared at him.
"And that's why we suffered enormous losses. Three of your
cherished friends came back half-crippled."
It was a shocking outcome for Balkan as well.
Especially when he heard that Natasha had been defeated by the Knight of
Maha, he thought it was a joke.
Paimon spoke again.
"Why don't we just go into Bashka now? The flower can't move
anyway. We can just ignore it. There aren't many humans left to torment, and only innocent demons are
dying."
"Since when did you care about the soldiers? And if we go into
Bashka, we might suffer even greater losses."
"That's just your delusion. Besides, Satan wants it. Change course
to Bashka right now."
Balkan didn't respond.
'Havitz isn't coming back.'
Having watched Havitz for a long time, he could sense it
instinctively.
'Havitz's law far surpasses any future that humans can predict. In other
words, it's much more advantageous for Havitz to leave the battlefield.'
If that's the case...
'This is an opportunity.'
Balkan's eyes gleamed.
'We won't go to Bashka. Or if we do, it will be far in the future. For
now, we'll break through the flower field and enter the central continent.'
Even if it meant going to prison for disobeying the king's orders, a
soldier's duty was to fight the best war possible.
"For now, we advance."
Paimon's eyes flashed with anger at Balkan's command.
'Tch, humans.'
If he weren't favored by Satan, she would have dragged him off his horse
and beaten him to a pulp.
'Hmm?'
At that moment, a demon flew in from the sky and emitted an ultrasonic
wave that humans couldn't hear.
"Paimon, we've found Satan's location. He's currently heading to
Kashan. And..."
Paimon's eyes twitched as she listened expressionlessly, not revealing
anything to Balkan.
"Hehe."
After hearing the demon's report, a cold smile appeared on her
lips.
While the fiercest battles were in Tormia, there were also numerous
skirmishes and conflicts happening around the world. Amidst the collapse of many kingdoms, stars below
the 4-star rank of the Tower of Stars carried out their respective missions.
Among them, the stars of the System Inspection Department were tasked
with humanitarian aid for humanity.
"There's war everywhere."
In addition to the main demon army attacking Tormia, there were
independent demons acting on their own.
These were deserter demons that emerged because more than 60 of the 72
legion commanders had been annihilated.
Demons undoubtedly followed Satan, but since they were born from Satan's
chaos, their ways of obedience varied.
Especially strong demons declared themselves legion commanders,
occupying some cities and cruelly oppressing the humans there.
"It's truly the end times."
An old man with wild, white hair looked down from a cliff.
"It's a world where fighters are in the spotlight, but this work is
also valuable. That is, creating situations where fighting doesn't happen."
Arnold Lampa, a 3-star resident of the System Inspection
Department.
At 112 years old, he was well-versed in world affairs and occasionally
had tea with the dreamer Luber, but otherwise had no special activities. Despite this, he was the
second-in-command after Freed, the 5-star of the System Inspection Department, because he wielded the
information magic Telebird.
His transmission range could cover half the planet.
With the world's best detached spirit zone, his transmission power was
unparalleled.
"Coochie coo, good boy."
When Lampa bent his index finger, a blue skylark was born and flapped
its wings.
"Enemy spotted at Amore Hill. Estimated average combat power
rating: A. Moving slowly towards Bekid Village."
After recording the information and raising his index finger, the
Telebird flew off, soon shooting out as a straight beam of light.
A young man in his twenties, following Lampa, spoke.
"Another A-grade."
A fair-skinned scholar from the East.
Overall, he was handsome, but his eyes drooped slightly.
He was Lampa's satellite, a man named Chong.
"The army of the fallen kingdom can't handle this level. Shouldn't
we support them?"
"We need troops to support them. Don't be reckless just because
you're young. Running away is the best option."
When Lampa bent his middle finger, a red Telebird was born this
time.
"Again, don't even change your underwear and just run. I won't be
responsible for what happens next."
Watching the red beam shoot to the end of the sky, Chong clenched his
fists.
"Damn it! If only I had learned combat magic."
"Don't be foolish. People need to know their limits. It's not those
who learn combat magic that fight, but those who fight learn combat magic. This suits you
better."
Chong's lips pouted.
"You said I had no talent before."
"That's because you were distracted. Honestly, do you think I don't
know you're using strange techniques to flirt with girls instead of developing your information
magic?"
Chong's face turned red.
"Who, who flirts? Have I ever succeeded with a girl?"
In his own way, he had tried.
He had a decent face and wasn't bad-tempered, just a bit clumsy.
"Do you want to date?"
"Yes! Of course. Master, do you know what's the most frustrating
thing about the world being like this? I've never experienced passionate love."
"If it was hard even in peaceful times, it's all over now. Making
butterflies out of light doesn't work on girls these days. Strong men are in vogue."
"Tch, that's why I wanted to learn combat magic..."
Lampa chuckled and turned his head.
"How about meeting someone among the stars or satellites? There are
many good women. I could introduce you to someone below 3-star rank."
"The stars?"
As Chong rolled his eyes, recalling the faces of the stars, he made a
disgusted expression.
"No, thanks. They're all weird."
"Haha! They may seem that way, but they're all soft-hearted.
Besides, having high standards won't get you anywhere..."
Suddenly, Lampa's face hardened.
Chong felt the same energy and both of them lowered their stances
without a word.
"Conceal."
As Chong spread a veil of light and waited, a group of soldiers passed
below the hill.
'Who is that?'
A demon walking at the front. Several twisted horns like those of a
buffalo curved down his back, and he had four arms on his brown-skinned body.
'Judging by the features... Bassago?'
He was the 3rd legion commander of the demon army.
'But why is he here? Did the entire 3rd legion leave the front
line?'
Following Bassago were the division commanders. A woman who looked like
a corpse, a man with an arm so long it dragged on the ground, and a monster with its ribs open, showing
its insides.
"Chong."
When there was no response, Lampa turned to see his disciple's face pale
with fear.
"...Chong, analyze it."
The key to information transmission is speed and accuracy.
It's not just about sending information quickly and far, but being able
to objectively assess the situation.
"First."
Chong swallowed hard and spoke.
"All the division commanders are at least S-grade. That female
might even be a double S."
Even without knowing the details of the 3rd legion, his rough assessment
was accurate.
"And the one at the front..."
Chong, chewing his lip in distress, spoke with difficulty.
"Probably triple S..."
Lampa's eyes twitched.
"...I don't know what stage that is, but it's much
higher."
Lampa smiled.
'Chong has no information about the 3rd legion.'
For special training, Lampa hadn't told Chong anything about the
enemies.
'And he's never experienced a triple S. Yet he can analyze it
accurately...'
It was clear evidence that Chong's intuition reached a realm beyond
human perception.
'A genius of the sixth sense.'
Probably thousands of times more sensitive than an insect.
"Not bad for a guess. But using such expressions can confuse the
recipient. You see it with your eyes, but the recipient imagines it. Without a clear definition, it can
cause fear."
"Then how should I define it?"
"G1, G2, G3. Grades beyond grades. Because we can't quantify the
combat power, we divide it by perceived grades. Here, G usually means universal gravity."
"Like gravity?"
"Anything. It's a fundamental force in this world. If you wanted to
eliminate gravity, how would you do it?"
Chong frowned.
"Impossible. You can momentarily resist it, but as long as the
world exists, you can't eliminate it."
"That's him. G1."
"Do you understand? We define it as gravity because it's the most
neutral force the recipient can feel. Things like tsunamis, typhoons, lightning, or volcanoes have
individual characteristics and can be interpreted subjectively. When you say typhoon level, people
usually think of something fast or rough."
Chong understood.
"But if the enemy is strong enough to be considered G1, how do we
defeat them?"
"That's not for the information transmitter to consider. Other G1s
or G2s will take care of it."
Lampa extended his fingers one by one.
"G2 is twice the gravity, G3 is three times. There's nothing beyond
that. It shouldn't be created. Because..."
"Because it becomes difficult to perceive and loses
objectivity."
"Right. The limit for an ordinary human to imagine realistically is
about three times. Anyway, that guy over there is Bassago. I don't know about the demon world, but if he
is unleashed, he could be a G2-level disaster." Chong answered as he had learned.
"That's not something the information transmitter should worry
about."
"Right. What I want to know is, why is that guy here? According to
my information, all the top legion commanders of the demon army went to Tormia. If they returned for
some reason..."
Lampa's words suddenly stopped.
Deep wrinkles formed on his forehead as he fell into thought, not even
blinking.
"Damn."
Chong felt uneasy.
He knew how the world situation had changed whenever rough words came
out of his master's mouth.
"Why, what's wrong?"
Lampa rested his chin on his hand.
'Should I send the information now? No, I can't be certain yet. It could
be an error in judging the whole situation based on a peculiar variable. But if my guess is
correct...'
He clenched his teeth.
'I have no choice but to confirm it directly and transmit it
quickly.'
Lampa stood up and said,
"I'll be traveling around the world for a while. It won't take
long, so you take charge here for the time being. Trust your intuition."
"Me? But you said I should never engage in actual combat until you
return, or I'd ruin the world."
"We're all going to die soon anyway. You do it."
"Wait! Master!"
Before Chong could finish his sentence, Lampa's body turned into a flash
of light and shot into the sky.
The distance covered by spatial movement from the world's best detached
spirit zone was beyond imagination.
Screeeeech.
As the loud noise lingered, Chong stared blankly at his departing
master.
Every time he passed about 10 kilometers, photon transmissions and
golden birds began shooting out of the trajectory.
'Real-time transmission magic, Goldbird.'
Like a spin, numerous flashes drew majestic curves and swirled into the
holy war.