Chapter 959:
The Right Choice (2)
"What?"
Balkan's adjutant reported an unbelievable fact.
'The vanguard's trajectory has changed.'
In an instant, they had turned at an incredible angle, and a messenger
came running back through the ranks.
"Urgent report!"
It was information Balkan didn't even need to hear.
"Hahaha! What is this? You failed after all? Humans are like that.
They're the worst as soldiers."
Paimon's mockery fell on deaf ears.
'No, this can't be happening.'
After Zataro, Smodo, and Natasha, even Balkan was being toyed with by
the enemy's strategist.
"...We need to change direction again."
Balkan, having made up his mind, spoke with determination.
"We must not go to Bashka. The fact that they're so desperate means
there's definitely something there."
Paimon was exasperated by Balkan's stubbornness.
"So what is it?"
"I can't imagine. But there must be something unimaginable. I
command all troops! Change direction immediately... Ugh!"
A dull impact struck the back of Balkan's head, and his vision
spun.
"You're talking nonsense."
As he twisted his body at Paimon's voice, her claws flew at him
again.
"Ugh!"
Balkan swung his sword from atop his horse, but his sense of distance
was off.
"Hahaha! You do have some skill. But can you handle a lethal dose
of poison?"
As soon as she finished speaking, Balkan staggered.
'Damn it! Betrayal...!'
He tried to control the spread of the poison through his bloodstream
using his skills, but he wouldn't last long.
"Doing this to me... it means Havitz is betraying me
too?"
He squeezed out his last bit of strength to warn her, but Paimon only
sneered.
"What are you talking about? Everything is according to his
will."
"What?"
As his spinal nerves were paralyzed and he collapsed onto his horse,
Paimon approached and lifted his head.
"Satan is tired of you. He doesn't care about toys that have lost
their appeal."
"Havitz..."
With that final, unacceptable conclusion, Balkan's eyelids slowly
closed.
"Hmph, weaklings."
As Paimon tossed Balkan's head aside, the disgruntled demons
approached.
"Should we kill him? Or show him the terror of the
demons?"
"Hmm."
According to the messenger's report, Havitz's humanity was completely
gone.
'But he's still Havitz.'
She gave her orders.
"Imprison him for now. It will be quite a sight to see those four
idiots locked up together."
"Understood. But what about Natasha? She'll be a problem if she
regains consciousness."
Her power was formidable, even the demons were wary of her.
"Hehe, no problem."
Paimon's eyes glowed purple.
"Regulation Ban."
It was an ability to create an isolated area in a specific space,
stripping those trapped inside of their mobility.
"Take him away."
As the demons carried Balkan to the rear, Paimon mounted his
horse.
"Whew. It's like a thorn has been removed."
Everyone felt the same.
"Paimon, lead us. We crave blood. We want to see humans
suffer."
"Hahahaha!"
Paimon extended her hand.
"From now on, ignore the formation. Scatter! Find the shortest
route and converge on Bashka!"
"Roar!"
The demons' roars created a deafening noise.
"Let's go! It's a blood festival!"
Like cockroaches scattering from rotten food when a light is shone, the
demon army spread out in all directions.
The command headquarters of the Holy War was in turmoil.
"The demons are entering Bashka! The confirmed number of troops is
3 million... no, 4.5 million..."
Iruki raised his hand to stop the report.
'This is just the beginning.'
With the flower field, Bashka's front yard, breached, it was only a
matter of time before an army of a hundred million gathered.
"Call the Lucky Boy."
The time had come.
"Understood."
Reality finally hit, and the commanders left the headquarters with
fearful expressions.
In the now quiet room, Iruki focused on opening and closing his
eyes.
"Iruki."
Nade entered with a bright expression, but Iruki couldn't bring himself
to look at him.
'It's miserable.'
He hated himself for dragging his friend into something that would leave
a stain on history.
"I heard. The demon army is coming to Bashka. Finally, we have a
chance to turn the tide."
Nade's attempt to speak positively was evident.
"I'm sorry."
Nade gently asked,
"Sorry for what?"
"When you came to me saying you would do this, I remained silent.
This is a one-shot operation. So I kept my mouth shut. Even though I knew you had family, Liz, and
things to protect, my desire for perfection kept me silent."
There were many technicians in the Holy War.
But Iruki wanted to send someone he could trust to take responsibility
in any situation.
"If you had told me to go back, I would have."
For the first time, Iruki turned to look at Nade.
"I would have gone back to protect my parents and Liz. They're the
most important people to me. But."
Nade spoke with determination.
"I would never have seen you again. Because to you, I would have
been just that much."
"Nade..."
"You weren't the only one struggling. I thought about it countless
times on my way to the Holy War. But the conclusion was always the same. If not me, you couldn't entrust
this to anyone else."
Iruki bowed his head.
"What if there's a defect in the device? The detonation mechanism
might not work. What if there's an unforeseen variable? What if the carrier changes their mind? Am I
giving up without trying my best?"
He heard Nade's rough breathing.
"But if it's me, if it's Nade, no matter what the worst situation
is, I'll get it done. That's what you thought, right?"
Iruki couldn't answer.
Suppressing his rising tears, he just took deep breaths, his chest
heaving.
"When you remained silent, I was honestly relieved. If you had told
me to go back, I would have died of embarrassment. Hahaha!"
"Kuhuhu."
Iruki let out a tearful laugh.
"Don't worry. I'll do well. You've done enough. Leave the rest to
me."
With Nade's words, Iruki felt a weight of thousands of tons lift off his
shoulders.
"Nade."
As Nade was leaving, he stopped and turned around.
"Yes?"
"Make sure you succeed."
Even with the weight of humanity on his shoulders, Nade smiled and gave
a thumbs up.
"No problem."
As he opened the door and left, he said,
"I'm the Lucky Boy."
The allied forces, having escaped the flow of the demon army, kept a
close watch on the situation.
'Good. It seems they have no intention of changing direction.'
They didn't know that Paimon had already ordered the demons to converge
on the capital.
Dante spoke.
"Shouldn't we avoid this place? If the operation succeeds, it won't
be safe here either."
They were within the range of the elemental bomb.
It felt wrong to leave the citizens of Bashka behind, but there was no
other choice.
"Let's go."
Miro spoke as if taking responsibility.
"We all feel the same. No one will applaud us for staying here.
Let's go now."
Amy asked.
"Where are we going? If the demons advance on Bashka, shouldn't we
follow them in?"
Dante clicked his tongue.
'Come to think of it, she became a legion commander in this war. She
doesn't know about the operation yet.'
Amy asked again.
"Why do you all look like that? There's something I don't know,
right?"
They couldn't proceed with the operation while ignoring a mage who had
reached the pinnacle of fire magic.
"Bashka..."
As Lupist began to speak, Miro sensed something ominous and turned
around.
"What's that?"
A group of troops surrounded by light was flying in from beyond the
horizon.
"The army of heaven." Angels and demons flew quickly, followed
by fairies lifting giants into the air.
"Huh? Huh?"
As the giants fell from a kilometer in the sky, the allied forces felt
dizzy just watching.
With a thud, the giants landed on the dry ground, raising clouds of dust
as they slowly stood up.
'They're huge.'
Even the smallest giants were over 8 meters tall, and the largest
approached 80 meters.
"Is this where it starts?"
As Ymir rubbed his fists and moved forward, the demons blocked his
path.
"What are you?"
Some demons knew of the heavenly beings, but most here were seeing
giants for the first time.
As Ymir frowned in displeasure, a demon with arms like scythes
approached.
"Sniff sniff. What's this smell? It's so different from humans. And
you look stupid too."
The demon lifted Ymir's chin with his scythe and brought his face close,
grinning.
"Haha, you're completely frozen. Hey, say something. Call your big
brother behind you."
The demons thought the 80-meter giant was the leader, but their faces
turned pale.
"I've decided."
As Ymir grabbed the demon's scythe, his arm bent like a candy
stick.
"Argh! My arm! My arm!"
As the demons glared in anger, Ymir stretched and moved forward.
"Let's start by cleaning up the trash."
"Kill him!"
As the demons raised their weapons and bared their teeth,
charging.
"Huuuuup."
Ymir took a deep breath, inflating his lungs, and raised his
arms.
A startled Girshin reached out his hand.
"Ymir! Wait...!"
Before he could finish, Ymir lowered his arms to the ground.
The sound of the world was erased.
'Is time moving slowly? Or quickly?'
The allied forces, watching from a distance, felt as if they were under
the influence of a drug.
'What is that?'
The ground rose like a tidal wave, and a vortex appeared in the sky,
mixing colors.
'I'm sleepy. I want to go home.'
Strangely, they yawned.
Their eyelids slowly drooped, narrowing their field of vision.
"...Hey!"
Someone's voice entered their ears in a thin, worm-like form and then
exited.
'Hehe, how strange. I can see the sound.'
Mental confusion caused by the shockwave.
Boom!
And those who experienced that state disappeared from the world in the
next moment without exception.
Screeeeech!
Two kilometers away, the flash of a mass teleport landed.
"Is everyone okay?"
Miro's magic had enabled an emergency escape, but not everyone could be
saved.
There was no time to mourn.
"Again! Again!"
As the mass teleport shot into the sky, a massive seismic wave swept
through the area.
Rumble. Rumble. Rumble.
The sound of the ground splitting around Ymir echoed endlessly.
"Tch, this is annoying."
There were no demons left in the flower field, and even the angels in
the sky watched with weary expressions.
'A monster is a monster.'
The question that arose when Ymir was first born permeated the entire
army of heaven.
'Why does this world need... something like that?'