Chapter 964:
Face to Face (3)
'Impressive.'
Nane admired Shirone. Reaching the pinnacle of enlightenment was not
surprising for someone like him.
But the path Shirone chose.
'Heart.'
Reaching the end of the world with everyone's hearts was truly
remarkable.
'So, there was such a path.'
Like the symmetry of a mirror, they had walked different paths from the
start but ended up in the same place.
'It must be right.'
Nane had no choice but to acknowledge Hexa, the ultimate state that the
heart could pursue.
'But this is just the beginning.'
Nane's sword aura began to emit an even more brilliant light, stabbing
at the Miracle Stream.
Imagine anything you want.
Nane's sword contained all the harmony of this world.
'Sermon, Ice.'
All cold concepts formed an almost infinite spectrum, stabbing at
Shirone.
'It's not cold.'
Shirone's heart, denying Nane's truth, manifested through the Miracle
Stream, destroying the sermon.
Amy's face was filled with shock.
"My God..."
Every time the particles of light and the conceptual sword clashed,
something unbelievable could be seen in the sparks.
"What is that?"
Eyes.
Though it was uncertain if they were human, countless eyes flickered on
their retinas.
"The world is tearing apart."
Miro said.
"That's as far as humans can understand. Whether it's an error in
the universe or something beyond..."
Nade swallowed hard and spoke.
"What if we intervene? If we break the balance of power while it's
still even?"
"Do you think they're fools?"
Miro pointed with her chin at the angels waiting with serious
faces.
"They're not moving because Shirone and Nane aren't fighting a
battle of strength."
"Then what are they fighting with?"
"All the definitions of the universe."
"The world is one, but somehow there are two perspectives. That's
the problem."
Lupist added.
"When I strike with a mass of 100 tons, how that 100 tons acts is
determined by Nane and Shirone. It ultimately has no meaning. They decide."
Miro nodded.
"Exactly. The two systems are perfectly intertwined. Only they know
the definitions made within. Even if I attack Nane with ultimate good, Shirone might be the one who gets
hurt."
As they conversed, the battle between Shirone and Nane reached its
peak.
'Have you realized this too?'
Nane was always the one asking questions.
'Then how about this?'
The sword of sermon combined all the concepts from the ends of the
universe and shot at Shirone.
'Agape.'
The Miracle Stream emitted a terrifying light, wrapping around and
breaking Nane's sword.
Miro's eyebrows twitched.
"They're almost equal."
If it were a conversation, the two would have discussed everything in
the universe in a short time.
'And even here, they're the same. If it were one person, they would be a
god, but because there are two...'
Still human.
'Who will break?'
As Miro watched seriously, the angels' auras wavered.
At the same time, a gasp came from the allied forces.
"Huh? Huh?"
It was an imperceptible movement, but the intensity was strong enough to
make their focus scream.
"Shi, Shirone is..."
He was slowly pushing Nane's forehead back.
'They're not alike.'
As the mirror symmetry dissolved and Yahweh and Buddha separated, Nane's
face twisted.
"Argh!"
The sword aura exploded, causing the entire Bashka to tremble with
powerful vibrations.
'The perspective is breaking.'
It felt like the world was splitting in two, but Shirone had no
intention of stopping.
'I will never back down.'
As he fiercely glared and took a step forward, he saw Nane's
smile.
"Huh?"
As Shirone's foot touched the ground, Nane stepped back the same
distance.
"What, what?"
Both the allied forces and the heavenly army squinted their eyes.
'He stepped back on his own?'
Even Shirone couldn't understand Nane's actions.
'I wouldn't have done that.'
If he were afraid of losing, he wouldn't have become the Buddha of the
era in the first place.
"It was a beneficial conversation."
Nane's words were the reason for his displeasure.
"Conversation? We clashed over the world. There are no variables.
No, we examined all variables. No matter what you scheme, the result won't change."
"I know. I lost."
No one said it out loud, but the heavenly army's atmosphere was
uneasy.
'Buddha...'
The most shocked was Shura.
'I know. He wouldn't back down so easily. Even if it's Yahweh... Could
it be?'
A thought suddenly occurred to him.
'Is it that difficult?'
As Nane stepped back, he continued.
"Though our directions are different, the essence is the same. It's
about what humanity needs. I understood your benevolence. No, I truly understand you."
For the first time, Nane's gaze shifted from Shirone to someone behind
him.
'Amy.'
If he closed the world, Amy would disappear, and so would his love for
her.
'Is it the right thing?'
Nane believed everything except one thing was right, so he could believe
this was right too.
'It shouldn't be.'
If it's not 100%, Buddha's sermon would be a curse, not the
truth.
"I'll be watching."
As Nane ascended to the sky, the heavenly army looked up in
disbelief.
"He left?"
Turning their eyes back to the ground, they saw the allied forces
positioned behind Shirone.
The three-horned mara Ashur asked Ikael.
"What should we do?"
With Buddha leaving the front, the final command fell to the
archangel.
Raiel spoke.
"Allow me to advance. As you saw earlier, Nane is not Anke Ra. We
have a mission to continue the will of the gods and rule them. I will do it."
Ikael, locking eyes with Shirone, remained silent.
Satiel was on high alert.
'If she had regained her memories, she wouldn't allow a war with
humans.'
"Archangel."
As Ashur was about to ask again, Ymir sprang from the ground.
"That's enough."
Closing the distance in an instant, he aimed a punch at Shirone's
face.
"I'll handle this."
As the Miracle Stream wrapped around Ymir's arm, a strange resistance
surged.
"Hehe!"
A resistance he could never forget.
"Yaaah!"
The light smoke exploded with a pop, and the force of the punch pushed
Shirone back.
"Whew!"
Though he had experienced it through Omega, the feeling without Goffin
was entirely different.
"It's just a jab."
As Ymir raised his arms and charged, Rian stepped in front of
him.
"Your opponent is me."
As the great sword swung, splitting the world, Ymir's eyes
gleamed.
'This is...?'
As animalistic impulses surged, Ymir's body twisted sharply away from
Shirone.
"Hahaha!"
Covering his face with one arm, he charged, and the great sword struck
his forearm.
The moment the sensation of impact was transmitted, it was electrifying
enough to make his hair stand on end.
'Yes, this is it!'
Losing his reason in the excitement of battle, Ymir twisted his waist
and threw a punch.
"Come on, Ogen..."
At the same time, the giant avatar of Avalokiteshvara rose and struck
Ymir thousands of times from both sides.
"Explode."
As the final blow landed, Ymir's body was pushed about 4 meters to the
side.
'Four meters?'
Miro felt bitter.
'I intended to send him flying 4 kilometers.'
As Ymir opened the attack, the giants charged, shaking the
ground.
"Tch! Those things!"
Ashur grumbled, but they lived and died by Ymir's command.
Miro formed a seal and spoke.
"Fight. Get ready."
As the allied forces charged at the heavenly army, the angels had no
choice but to move.
Only Shirone was watching the situation.
'This is unfavorable.'
Unlike the allied forces, who relied on a few individuals, the heavenly
army was all divine beings.
If not for Miro's defensive power, Bashka would have already been
destroyed.
'I have no choice.'
Only Hexa could do it.
"Whew."
Taking a deep breath, Shirone gathered the Miracle Stream between his
hands.
'It's still far from enough.'
But the longer the skirmish continued in Bashka, the more humans would
suffer.
"Hand of God."
As the signal shot above Shirone's head, the clouds parted, revealing a
massive hole.
"What's that?"
The angels' faces turned pale.
"Stop it!"
As the giant hand of light descended from the sky, the archangels
charged.
The fastest was Raiel.
'Accelerator!'
As Raiel, moving at the speed of light, braked and threw a punch.
'Huh?'
A blond boy, moving at the same speed, intervened from the side.
'What's that?'
In his eyes, filled with madness, two magic circles assembled at the
speed of light.
'Light Dragon...'
At that moment, the boy's punch struck Raiel's face.
'Phaeton?'
Bang!
The archangel's body, buried in the ground, plowed a trench as it was
endlessly pushed back.
"Hahaha! Long time no see!"
Before the inertia of the force had even dissipated, Phaeton caught up
with Raiel and unleashed a flurry of punches with his small fists.
"Did you miss me? Huh? Did you miss me?"
Raiel's legs, buried in the ground, flopped like a fish.
As the angels, momentarily stunned, regained their senses and turned
around.
"No!"
The Hand of God pressed down on all of Bashka, curling its fingers as if
scooping up dirt.
'It sweeps away the heavenly army.'
Like a filter, the light fist rising to the sky captured the entire
heavenly army.
"Yaaah!" As Shirone swung his arm, the Hand of God flung them
all away.
Many angels activated their Judacial Halos, but it was a force that
couldn't be stopped by law.
"Ahhh!"
The sight of angels, maras, fairies, and giants being flung like sand
left the allied forces wide-eyed.
"...What is that?"
As they turned to ask for an explanation, they saw Shirone panting
heavily.
"Haa. Haa."
He wasn't satisfied with the result.
'The Ultima system is too weak. All it did was push them off the front
line. It didn't even send them into space.'
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
From the sound of the air breaking, it seemed some had already broken
free from Hexa's power.
'I need more ideas.'
As Shirone pondered, the Hand of God took a chin-resting pose.
While everyone watched in astonishment, Phaeton dusted off his pants and
walked over.
"Always so slow..."
With a series of loud booms, eleven figures landed around
Shirone.
Those who had been glaring at Phaeton as if to devour him immediately
knelt on one knee and paid their respects.
"Messiah."