Chapter 972:
The Absent Presence (2)
An explosion occurred around Rian. Though it was powerful enough to blow
away the entire radius, Rian's companions behind him were unharmed.
As everyone looked ahead in confusion, Shirone had arrived and was
casting the Hand of God.
Beyond the glowing hand that blocked the explosion, Ymir was seen
leaning back.
"Whew!"
Amidst the area turned to black ash, only Ymir was exuding
vitality.
'Did it miss?'
Just as everyone thought that, blood spurted from Ymir's chest.
"Hmm."
Even seeing his own blood gushing out in front of him, Ymir's expression
didn't change.
'Ymir... was cut by the sword.'
It was Rian's companions who were surprised, and if the heavenly army
had been there, they would have been shocked.
"Impressive, Rian."
Shirone, who was observing Ymir's condition, also had to genuinely
acknowledge Rian.
'In the history of Omega, the only one who has wounded Ymir's true form
is Ogent.'
Rian's single strike had now reached that level.
"Ugh!"
Smoke rose where was, and Rian's body began to take shape.
Watching this for a moment, Ymir tightened his chest muscles to stop the
bleeding.
"This is the standard."
Shirone retracted the Hand of God and said,
"Remember the current power. Unless it's at this level, you can't
impact Ymir."
Even saying that...
'I couldn't even see how he swung it. It's not a power a human can
produce.'
Rian's body was regenerating slowly, but in the realm of Divine Sword
Unity, the shell didn't matter.
"I waited under the frozen sea. It was a boring time. I'm not very
patient, but there wasn't anything particularly enjoyable when I came out."
It was years of enduring, endlessly ruminating on the blow Ogent had
dealt.
"You said you'd come back. You told me that."
Looking down at the fully restored Rian, Ymir nodded.
"You kept your promise, Ogent."
The pride of inheriting the legacy of the Ogent family burned in Rian's
chest.
'But...'
His mind was colder than before.
'He dodged it. My all-out strike.'
What about Ymir?
Did he also dodge the attack with all his might?
Rian focused all his nerves but still couldn't sense Ymir's
presence.
Shirone spoke.
"Rian, over here."
Shirone, who had Rian retreat to the group, set the Hand of God in front
and said,
"You may have already experienced it, but Ymir's attacks have two
types of shockwaves. The first is the impact on the photon system."
It's called physical force.
"The second is the shock produced by his body moving. It's a unique
wavelength, and if you're caught in this shockwave, your mind will be paralyzed. Be
prepared."
Although he had already experienced it, as Shirone said, Rian felt it
was too much.
'Does he have no natural enemies?'
It meant that a single strike could destroy physical, magical, legal,
and even extralegal techniques.
"You know well."
Ymir said, splitting his mouth into a grin.
"It certainly feels familiar. Something that's been passed down
long before Ogent."
The Hand of God reacted sensitively to Ymir's movements, twitching its
fingers.
"Good."
Shirone, Blitz, Eitra, Rian, Tess, Amy, Neid, Miro, Zulu, Kangnan, Sain,
Enox, Garcia.
And beyond them, Ymir raised his hands and beckoned to the allied
forces.
"Come at me."
For the first time, they felt it.
'He hadn't been thinking about anything until now.'
What it meant when Ymir truly decided to kill someone.
"Ugh..."
As Tess clenched her jaw to suppress a scream, Ymir's body
bounced.
Near-vibration.
The shockwave produced by his body paralyzed their minds, causing
hallucinations to flicker before their eyes.
"First..."
In a state where no one could move, Ymir lunged at Miro.
"Shall I start with you?"
As Miro's gaze, which had been fixed forward, moved to the side, she
caught sight of the fist.
Ymir smiled with interest.
"Oh?"
Even with just her unwavering gaze, he could tell how deep her level
was.
Time compressed to the extreme.
'All-Seeing Projection.'
The hands of the Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara madly struck Ymir's
sides, which were covered by his arms.
'Hmph, can he withstand this?'
Preparing for a fatal blow, Miro saw Ymir's eyes gleaming through the
guard.
'No impact.'
Before the chilling sensation could be conveyed, Ymir took a step and
extended his fist.
At that moment, when she couldn't even react, the Hand of God grabbed
Ymir's body.
"Ugh!"
Shirone's nose wrinkled.
'I can't stop this.'
Even with all his quantum signals, he couldn't completely suppress
Ymir's strength.
"Argh!"
While being held by the Hand of God, Ymir's fist shot out, and Miro
twisted her head.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
The fist created a wind pressure that knocked down the buildings behind
Miro like dominoes.
"Hah. Hah."
Miro breathed heavily.
'I almost died.'
If the Hand of God hadn't restrained Ymir, her head would have been
blown off.
Shirone frowned and said,
"This is the limit."
As the Hand of God dissolved into light smoke, it wrapped around Ymir's
body.
There was certainly an effect, but it was impossible to guess how
effective it was.
"Let's go!"
As Rian kicked off the ground, the following mages cast their
spells.
In the realm of Divine Sword Unity, Rian's body couldn't withstand it
and exploded with a pop.
Rian, who had entered the state of existence's obsession, swung at the
speed of thought.
The atmosphere exploded.
In the thick smoke, the mages relied on the Spirit Zone to attack
Ymir.
As fire, lightning, wind, and cold exploded in one place, the area
around Bashka's walls was devastated.
"Whew."
Even the fighters were surprised by their own power, but to Ymir, it was
just a tickle.
"Kahahaha!"
Garcia, who had raised his mental strength to the limit, cast Hellfire
from the sky.
Ymir, who had been momentarily exerting force to break the Hand of God,
bent his lower body and charged his fist.
Amy shouted.
"Danger..."
Before she could finish, Ymir's fist struck the sky, and Hellfire
vanished with a whoosh.
"Master!"
Garcia, who was beyond, fell to the ground with his upper body
missing.
Instant death, literally.
"Argh!"
A giant of fire emerged from Amy's enraged body and shot at Ymir.
"Danger!"
Shirone followed, and Sain cast the Sun and Moon Halo to maximize the
Hand of God's restraining power.
"Kekeke. Kekekeke."
Feeling the accumulated damage on his body, Ymir laughed, his shoulders
shaking.
"Kahahaha!" At the same time, he kicked off the ground and
swung his fist at Sain's face.
The Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara pushed Sain with its right hand and
raised its left hand to strike Ymir.
Bending his waist, Ymir split his mouth into a grin.
"Did you think you could win?"
Because they were extreme, omnipotent, inherited Ogent's bloodline,
fire-based, the world's strongest mages.
"Did you really think you could win?"
Dodging the continued attacks of the Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara,
Ymir twisted his waist and drew back his fist.
It was flying in at a terrifying speed, but Ymir's fist was
faster.
'Phosmetery.'
Zulu, who had canceled the lich's summoning, called the spacetime bird
with Miro and soared in a flash.
Boom!
The shockwave swept the front, and Rian's blade reached Ymir's
neck.
'What?'
As time slowed infinitely, Rian's mind saw Ymir spinning rapidly.
How fast was it?
Before even finishing that thought, Ymir's fist pierced Rian's
mind.
"Ugh!"
Rian's mind faded away, and fell to the ground with a metallic
sound.
Though it couldn't be seen, it was clear that Rian's mind had let go of
the great sword.
"Rian!"
As Tess shouted and tried to rush out, Shirone blocked her path.
"No, Tess."
Even Shirone, who had experienced all of Omega's history, couldn't
understand the situation just now.
'He attacked the mental body.'
Ymir, who had brushed off his knees, stood up.
"It's nothing."
And as he clenched his fist, a brilliant golden aura surged and pierced
the sky.
"Link."
Shirone realized that there was too little information about Ymir in the
long history.
Ymir laughed as if it were absurd.
"Why? Did you think I couldn't do it? No, I didn't need
to."
Shirone's gaze lowered, but still didn't move.
He might be dead.
"Zulu! Zulu!"
Turning at Miro's cry, Zulu was seen collapsing, vomiting blood.
"Don't make a fuss."
Just as he had struck Rian's mental body, Ymir's fist had chased through
spacetime.
"Blitz. Eitra."
Shirone turned forward again.
"Block him."
As the order fell, the two apostles simultaneously kicked off the ground
and charged.
The reason they didn't transform into dragons was that Ymir could also
enlarge himself.
"Attack first."
Blitz's body, wrapped in electricity, struck Ymir, and Eitra moved
behind him.
'I'm not confident in martial arts...'
Ymir's waist bent sideways as Eitra's elbow struck him.
"Keke."
Except for the mutation that is the sum of 10 billion Gaia, dragons are
the most powerful creatures in the universe.
'Unbelievable.'
Eitra gave a bitter smile.
The most chilling thing about facing Ymir was not knowing the limits of
his abilities.
'He keeps getting stronger.'
He might not even be using a tenth of his original power.
'Or has he ever reached his limit?'
And as Ymir faced the dragons' joint attack, he shifted gears once
more.
"Kahahaha!"
As Blitz's body flew out of sight, Shirone pulled out a dagger from his
bosom.
"Law Killer."
The most dangerous weapon in the world, which changes the law to create
a murder incident.
As it was imbued with Yahweh's wrath, 'Law Kill' emitted a red aura and
screamed.
'Please! Please!'
Taking a big step forward, Shirone adjusted the sensation in his arm
while keeping Ymir in his sight.
'Disappear from the universe!'
As Blitz and Eitra were both sent flying, a dark flash rushed towards
Ymir.
Ymir quickly turned his head and grabbed the blade of 〈Law Kill〉 with
his giant hand.
There was a cracking sound as the blade broke.
"What is this toy...?"
The next moment, Ymir's eyes widened, and the hand holding 'Law Killer'
shook violently.
"Ugh..."
Shirone clenched his fist.
There was no being outside the extreme evil that could be free from 'Law
Killer'.
'Got him.'
Incidents like being hit by a carriage or a stone falling from the sky
couldn't kill Ymir.
In the end, as the dimension collapsed, the space around Ymir itself
distorted.
At the same time, the nearly infinite law that could kill him began to
act beyond time and space.
"You're doing something cute."
Despite his words to Shirone, his expression was more serious than
ever.
'This... is definitely dangerous.'
As if coming from the entire universe, the space turned black and began
to engulf Ymir.