Chapter 986:
The Unchoosables (4)
In the Creas Defense Force infirmary, Alpheas was undergoing precise
surgery to align bone fragments by a surgeon.
Aside from Alpheas, numerous injured soldiers were groaning in pain,
bleeding profusely.
"Ugh..."
They had survived thanks to healing magic but had suffered severe
functional damage to their bodies.
Liria asked, "Shirone, can't you do something?"
"There's nothing impossible with quantum phenomena, but healing
someone is a tricky issue. Hexa's ability involves the collision of two people's perceptions of a single
world."
Shirone turned around.
"Usually, I win. No one can beat me, who perceives the world based
on 11 senses. But what about someone else's body or a universally accepted common perception? For
example, if you asked me to suddenly erase the sun, it would probably be difficult."
Dante said, "Because everyone thinks it's impossible."
"Right. If it were Nane, he would erase the sun with greater power,
but the mind is different from the law. The Miracle Stream could take your life. Death is a natural
perception. But it can't turn you into a woman. It's a conviction that transcends the five
senses."
"Hmm, the technique of the mind." Shirone took out a
pen.
"The basis of Hexa is a perfect state of mind. For example, if I
perceive that this pen does not exist..."
The pen disappeared.
"It really doesn't exist. It means my perception has overwhelmed
you. But if you can create the same state of mind as mine, you can do it too."
When Shirone handed the pen to Dante, he took it and stared at it
intently.
'The pen does not exist.'
He tried to erase it somehow, but the pen was still imprinted in his
hand and eyes as a real object.
"...I understand. No matter what method I use, I can't create a
perfect state of mind. As long as I don't know what that state is, I can't block doubt."
Shirone nodded.
"It's the limit of perception. Especially people have an incredible
conviction in their own bodies. Regenerating a severed leg is something that can never be established
from their perspective. No matter how desperate they are."
"What if they truly believe?"
Eden asked.
"What if someone believes in the power of the mind at the level of
common sense? Can they be healed then?"
"If so, nothing is impossible."
Shirone smiled.
"But if it were that easy, we wouldn't be fighting so hard. Healing
the principal's knee with legal treatment is the most convenient. There's no need to solve a simple
quadratic equation with algebra."
While Dante, Eden, and Liria took turns testing quantum phenomena with
the pen, Shirone observed the infirmary and headed for the door.
Dante followed.
"Where are you going?"
The demons in Creas city had been completely wiped out, and the refugees
had joined the city.
"Anywhere. There are soldiers and people to share the pain with
here, but not everywhere."
"Can't you use quantum transmission?"
"Simultaneous events are like a kind of go strategy. If two of me
perceive each other, one disappears. If it's a five-sense existence, they can't perceive each other even
with a wall in between, but I have 11 senses."
Dante fell silent.
"Quantum is originally a phenomenon created to build a cosmic-scale
system. Using it within a planet feels too narrow in terms of space-time. If two of me pass by each
other within tens of kilometers, it's like ordinary humans barely brushing past each other."
Shirone brought his two fists close together and slowly crossed them.
"There's no need to think complicatedly. You must not perceive that
there's another me in a specific space. But what if a fierce battle breaks out in one space? I would
maximize my senses to fight."
Shirone spread his right hand over his left fist.
"In this case, the one who perceives first becomes the real one,
and the remaining ones all become empty. If I were performing an important mission, it would inevitably
cause a disruption."
"I see."
"I want to move organically within the range I can handle. There
are many villages outside Creas, so I plan to visit them. Please take care of things here."
"Don't worry about that. But..." Dante's expression became
serious as he nodded readily.
"When will it come? The emotional sickness."
Despite their small victory, Shirone's group couldn't laugh
comfortably.
"Within 24 hours."
Shirone slowly turned his body.
"We need to prepare, Dante. We will all see a world different from
before. Keep your mind. And..."
This is what he wanted to say.
"Save yourself."
Kingdom of Peshia.
It was around 2 AM when remnants of the demon army pushed into the
kingdom located south of Tormia.
As one of the poorest nations on the southern continent, Peshia lacked
both the resources and manpower to fend off the demons.
By 4 AM, the demons, having infiltrated the capital, spread radially and
massacred humans wherever they went.
Port City of Berikent.
Blood soaked into the lifeline of Peshia, a city home to 200,000
people.
"Ughhh! Save us!"
The demons that seized Berikent were led by Brigade Commander Dela of
the 6th Legion.
Dela, a seductress demon, had the appearance of a frail girl with black,
shoulder-length hair.
However, her true nature was malevolence personified, toying with human
emotions like playthings.
"Please save us. Please, I beg you."
Around 100 people who had fled into the alleyways to the docks were now
kneeling and begging for their lives.
Men, women, the elderly, and children.
Searching for a target, Dela eyed a robust man who was glaring back at
her.
A lifelong battler of the seas, he exhibited a clear aggressiveness
unlike the others.
Dela asked in the language of the underworld,
"Don't you like me?"
The language of the demon army felt like dozens of sheets of paper being
simultaneously ripped apart.
"What are you babbling about, you filthy demon!"
Though he shot back fiercely, the man knew well that he stood no chance
in a fight against the demons.
'Look for an opening and dive into the sea.'
Since the sun had not yet risen, he could dive underwater and hide
aboard a ship to save his own life.
"Seems you're the captain, how about a fight? If I win, you let me
go?"
After a moment's thought, Dela nodded.
"Fine."
Her voice was unexpectedly beautiful in human language, which annoyed
the man.
'Feint a fight, then break for the water.'
The distance to the water was 20 meters.
A demon could catch up in a second, but if he could dodge the first
strike, the story would be different.
'I can avoid it. I can…'
As if guided by a revelation, the man shut out his thoughts and
sprinted.
Without looking back.
Rolling on the ground driven by instinct, he prepared to leap.
'This is where I jump.'
The dark sea came into view.
Plunging into the water with a splash, the man triggered cheers from
those caught.
"Ah!"
Mixed with envy for his life and despair for their own inevitable death,
the crowd reacted.
"Unhuman but a very human choice."
Dela turned to the crowd.
"One has escaped, so his sins must be paid by you all. But first...
any other challengers?"
As her words ended, those capable of running began to raise their hands
eagerly.
Dela cackled.
"Good, I'll give you a chance. You there, back towards the sea. For
every step you take, I'll kill one person."
The man called upon stood immediately but froze as he heard the
rest.
"What, like that? You were going to abandon everything and run
anyway? If you're going to do it, do it with pride. Start now."
Numerous gazes pressed upon the man.
"Don't want to? Should I ask someone else?"
Without a moment to decide, his feet involuntarily stepped
backward.
"One down."
Dela swung her hand, decapitating an old man.
"Aaagh!"
A woman screamed, but she too was struck by Dela's blow and her torso
was pierced.
"Crying gets you killed too. Continue."
As the man grimaced, Dela even pointed out specific people to
him.
A child this time.
"This time, I'll kill this kid. What are you doing, run away! Or
would you rather come back? Maybe it's better to wait until someone else kills you."
"Save me, please... please…"
As the man pleaded, Dela's expression became ecstatic.
"Walk. Or should I swap this kid for you? This little one will run
whether you die or not."
The eyes of the downtrodden crowd flared with rage.
'Demon! Demon!'
Among them was Etella, once filled with the will of goodness.
The flicker of goodness still remained, albeit weak like a nearly
burnt-out coal.
'What can I change?'
Having seen the depths of despair humans could fall into while hiding,
she was now convinced.
'We're all going to die.'
A demon comes.
Pursuing only her scent across the planet, the worst of humanity
approaches.
Dela shouted.
"Fine! Then let's give this kid a chance!"
"Urgh!"
As the man took a step back and Dela raised her hand,
"Ho ho ho! I knew it!"
Just as she was about to split the child's head, a scream came from the
far end of the dock.
"Aaaah!"
It was the scream of a demon.
"What?"
As Dela turned, her eyes widened, and she saw many of her minions
collapsing.
Backlit against the shadow, hundreds of fountains of blood
spurted.
"Sniff, sniff."
The sound of sniffing like a dog.
Then came the clash of metal and the sound of something heavy dragging
across the ground.
"...here."
A silhouette of a man dragging a bundle as large as a carriage
appeared.
It was Shagall, the rapid-fire swordsman.
With the intrusion, Dela grimaced and commanded,
"What are you waiting for? Go kill him."
As the demons charged, Shagall's arms vanished with the sound of a
bird's wings.
"Aaaah!"
With the unique mechanism of the rapid-fire sword, dozens of bladed
shells plunged into the demons.
Dark blood spurted from the holes made by the fully embedded
blades.
"Ah!"
With the appearance of a master unseen in the Kingdom of Peshia, hope
glimmered in people's eyes.
"Save us, please!"
A woman ran forward, and encouraged, everyone stood and rushed to
Shagall.
"Save us! Those evil demons… cough!"
A rapid-fire sword embedded in a man's throat cut him off before he
could scream, and the massacre began.
Dela watched with a blank expression.
"...What is that?"
It was unhuman, yet profoundly human.