Chapter 987:
Another Space (1)
As dozens died from Shagall's attack, the survivors quickly stopped in
their tracks.
With demons behind and a ruthless slayer in front, they were
trapped.
"Why, why?"
As Shagall approached, those who had risked their lives to flee slowly
began to back away.
"Why are you killing us? You're also human…!"
Before she could finish, Shagall's rapid-fire sword mercilessly stabbed
the woman in the abdomen.
"Aaaaah!" At that moment, everyone clearly realized where they
had to go.
"Run!"
It became evident that the man in front was far less humane than the
demons behind.
"Krrrrgh!"
Baring his teeth, Shagall swung his arms wide, hurling a giant bundle
into the sky.
Leather tore, and hundreds of rapid-fire swords spun down like
rain.
Dashing forward, Shagall caught a falling dagger and began a ruthless
killing spree.
The blood from those stabbed turned the harbor into a sea of blood in
moments.
"Cackle cackle! What an interesting human!"
Even Dela, who emerged from humanity, had never experienced such pure
evil.
As Shagall charged, she hunched over, and steel claws sprang from her
fingertips.
Her lips grotesquely split, and her once beautiful face instantly
morphed into that of a hideous beast.
Among the petrified crowd, Etella bit her lip.
"Not yet, not yet."
In a realm of slaughter beyond mere skill, Shagall had reached the
apex.
Perhaps this had been his fate ever since Ra Enemy mocked his
destiny.
"It's not madness. Definitely some power. I can't win a direct
confrontation now."
During her fugitive life, she had fought him seven times, and with each
encounter, Shagall's power had grown stronger.
"One chance."
Even if it meant sacrificing everyone here, she had to seize that
chance.
"Perfect timing!"
Even as Dela and Shagall circled each other, demons and humans alike
continued to die.
"How about this?"
As Dela accelerated, her body vanished, and a storm-like wind
arose.
In the speed that stretched moments into eternity, Shagall stood
motionless.
"Huhu, after all, just a human..."
As she orbited around her target, Dela suddenly changed direction,
aiming for Shagall's side.
"I'll play with you to the fullest."
She extended her sharp claws to their limits and lashed out at Shagall's
shoulder.
"Huh?"
Shagall's pupils shifted sideways.
"He saw me."
She hastily stopped her attack and leaned back as a vibrating sound
echoed.
"Uh-oh?"
As Shagall's arms moved, the balance of time reversed, and Dela's
movements halted.
Dozens of rapid-fire swords still falling like rain simultaneously moved
to strike Dela.
Thud.
Starting with a blow to the collarbone, blades of rapid-fire swords
penetrated every centimeter.
By the time Dela's face transformed into a perfect demonic visage, she
had already been stabbed over seventy times.
"Kyaahahah!"
Staggering backward, Dela's eyes widened, and blood spurted from her
body.
"Whoooa!"
Shagall charged again.
Knowing that a powerful demon wouldn't be extinguished by this, he
experienced firsthand.
"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!"
He stabbed, stabbed, and stabbed again.
Receiving the attacks with half-closed eyes, Dela suddenly witnessed a
bizarre sight.
"What?"
Around Shagall's body, the colors of reality strangely undulated.
And then, he began to stab at seemingly empty spaces.
"There's nothing there?"
But incredibly, it seemed like he was actually stabbing something as the
blades of his rapid-fire swords disappeared.
"Another dimension?"
He was killing beings from another space.
"Cackle cackle! Cackle cackle!"
Even as she disintegrated, Dela found joy because Shagall's situation
wasn't much different.
Dela hugged Shagall.
"Stab all you want. I'll be waiting in hell. Then, I'll pay you
back billions of times over."
Shagall ignored her and turned her around.
And continued to stab her abdomen where there was no more space left to
stab.
The sensation of his hand tearing through flesh.
Like an obsessive-compulsive, the only thing that moved Shagall was the
sensation of those brief impacts.
His consciousness faded.
"Tia."
As his consciousness faded, the many torments that had plagued him in
reality dispersed like smoke.
"Tia!"
He reserved the last rapid-fire sword for a final strike, which he
deeply embedded in Dela's forehead.
With a crunching sound, her eyeball popped out from her socket...
"Now!"
Etella aimed a precise blow at Shagall's side.
Turning his head, Shagall's eyes appeared dull and dark, impossible to
consider human.
"Master's enemy."
And now, he was also the enemy of the 6,000 people he had killed while
pursuing Etella.
Having used up all his rapid-fire swords, Shagall swung his fist, but
Etella was ready.
She took the hit on her shoulder and drove her fist into his
ribs.
"Krrrrgh!"
Shagall's face contorted, and Etella quickly withdrew her fist to strike
again.
"One more time."
If she could cause interference waves, even a master of the Schema would
have his insides torn apart.
"Kyaahahah!"
As Shagall straightened up and screamed, a strange light appeared in
Etella's eyes.
"How can this be..."
Shagall was suddenly holding a rapid-fire sword.
"Ugh!"
She narrowly dodged the attack, but dozens of blades began to
materialize out of thin air.
"Materialization?"
That wasn't it.
The unsettling sensation she had felt every time they clashed was now
becoming tangible.
"Ugh!"
Blades filled the air, leaving no room to dodge, creating a terrifying
scene.
Despite her best efforts to retreat, Etella was ultimately struck in the
thigh.
"Huuk!"
Looking down as the blade embedded in her femur, a fountain of red blood
spurted high.
She grabbed the shell of the rapid-fire sword and pulled it out,
clenching her muscles to stem the bleeding.
"Tia."
As Shagall moved, mirages rippled around him, and numerous rapid-fire
swords dropped.
Etella didn't understand why.
But she guessed that Shagall truly believed the rapid-fire swords
existed.
"How could that be? Even if he believes..."
Etella realized.
"Ah."
The Limits of Perception.
Shagall had previously experienced the overlap of virtuality and reality
induced by Ra Enemy.
To him, the rapid-fire swords were as real as anything he could
see.
"This is bad. Now it can't be stopped."
After seven battles, Etella's desperate strategy had been to wait until
the rapid-fire swords were exhausted.
But now, the number of weapons was infinite.
"Why?"
Etella screamed.
"What do you want? If you want to kill me, just kill me. Why are
you tormenting me?"
Though the fight was fierce, she had never seen Shagall as completely
devoid of opportunity.
"Because I hate you."
When he realized that his life, and everything in it, had been just a
dream.
"You are not Tia."
What's left for a human?
"I will torment you. Until you cry out in despair, and even then, I
will keep tormenting you! Forever! Continuously!"
Everything was a lie.
Etella was the only target left for Shagall's anger.
"I empathize with your life. But you've crossed a line that can't
be forgiven. You've killed too many people."
"Not yet."
Shagall sneered bitterly.
"I'll kill everyone. Kill and kill, until I'm the only one left in
this world."
Then, perhaps.
"I'll know what's real and what's false. What my life
was."
The truth behind his words was chilling.
"Go. Anywhere. I'll follow. I'll kill everything connected to you.
You'll experience the same pain as me."
Etella considered suicide.
Would Shagall stop his meaningless slaughter if she took her own life
here?
"No."
The only way was for her to end Shagall's life herself, for her master,
for those who had been sacrificed, for humanity.
While the two stared each other down, a few people who hadn't managed to
flee slowly got up.
With just that small movement, Shagall's hand acted, and the rapid-fire
swords penetrated everyone's skulls.
"Kekeke. Kekekeke."
As Shagall swayed unsteadily, the landscape around him twisted
again.
A landscape and colors not of this world, and faint screams of the dead
seeping through.
Etella's eyes sparkled.
"I see."
On the boundary between delusion and reality, Shagall was already
neither dead nor alive.
Etella, glaring fiercely at Shagall, turned and quickly left the
harbor.
"This is the end."
Not fleeing, but staking everything on a final confrontation with
Shagall.
"Don't worry, Master."
With a newfound sense of mission, Etella's eyes blazed with righteous
fire unlike before.
The chase continued throughout the night and ended in the
morning.
At the peak of the Ardus Mountains, Etella kneeled neatly and
meditated.
The refreshing song of the birds suddenly stopped, and an immense aura
of evil was felt.
Slowly opening her eyes, she saw Shagall rising like a massive mirage,
even larger than the night.
"You're mistaken."
The face of Shagall, who was speaking, intermittently overlapped with a
translucent demonic face.
"Isn't this the old method? If you hide in a place without people,
you'll only die."
"I've traveled to many places to avoid you."
Her descent into evil, endlessly falling lower, flashed before her like
a lantern slide.
"The beast's den, the red-light districts, the sewers... The light
of the soul has gone out, and the body has become filthy. The Etella you were chasing initially is no
longer here."
Shagall's brows furrowed.
"What are you talking about?"
"Driven mad by revenge, I despised myself as I lost my will to do
good, but now I've understood."
Etella smiled.
"The true meaning of what my master said. Sacrifice. The courage to
embrace evil."
"I'll kill you."
Etella was no longer afraid.
"You don't need to chase me anymore. Because..."
As Shagall strode towards her, she just opened her arms and smiled
softly.
"I forgive you."
"Ugh!"
Shagall knocked her down.
"Shut up! Don't spout nonsense! Die!"
Despite his flailing fists, Etella did not move.
"It's sacrifice, Master." As she awaited the end of her life,
she saw Shagall, who had half-turned into a demon.
"Why! Who are you! What are you!"
Tia.
Half out of his mind, he bit at Etella's neck, making animalistic
sounds.
"Grrr! Grrr!"
Moved by an animalistic impulse, Shagall's back was embraced by Etella's
arms.
"I won't let go."
By committing a sin, evil reached its maximum.
Thus, good and evil amplified each other, creating emotions unreachable
by humans...
"Ugh!"
Suddenly, the landscape horrifically transformed, and she began to sink
into hell in a raw, living state.
The last moment in reality.
Looking up at the sky over Shagall's shoulder, Etella parted her dry
lips.
"Ah..."
The sky was filled with clouds of fire.
"Another dimension."
A cleansing system for souls overwhelmed by emotions that reality could
not handle.