Chapter 988:
Another Space (2)
Tormia Royal Palace, Creta.
The screams that had filled the capital only ceased at the crack of
dawn.
Miro observed the pallid dawn landscape from the highest
watchtower.
'She must have found her own way to cope.'
In the face of suffering, there is no room for laziness in human
nature.
"Sigh."
Miro was no different.
For her, who had sealed her heart to guard virtue, nothing else
mattered.
The only way was to accept the pain.
'It hurts.'
It felt as if blades were mixed in her veins.
Breathing itself was a fear, as if her organs were being torn apart with
each breath.
'I wish time would stop.'
Who could dream of a hopeful future when every moment was filled with
pain?
'I must endure.'
At least that's what Gaold did, and so she clenched her fists and took a
deep breath.
"Argh!"
At the moment the signal of pain pierced her brain, Gaold's voice came
from the direction of the tower's door.
"In the beginning…"
Standing next to Miro, he began to speak as he looked over the
city.
"It makes you angry. When you're too angry, you try to fight the
pain. You poke and prod at the wounds. But how long can you keep that up? In the end, it's yourself that
you're hurting."
Before his emotional sickness, he thought enduring the pain was
everything.
'Pain isn't just that.'
Any terrible pain can be endured if there is hope that it will someday
disappear.
'The true pain is…'
The realization that it will never end.
'Can I endure it? Can I fight until the end without succumbing to the
pain?'
Like Gaold.
'Foolish child. How... how can you live like this?'
On his journey to the pinnacle of extreme virtue, he thought he
understood all human emotions.
How arrogant.
'Humans should not speak carelessly about things they have not
experienced.'
He thought he knew Gaold's pain.
It must be excruciating. Thousands, millions of times worse than a cut
on his hand.
It would be truly terrible.
'…So I thought.'
He should have remained silent.
At least he shouldn't have made any judgments about his pain.
Gaold asked,
"Are you really going?"
There's no way to survive in Ymir's psyche with billions of Gaian minds
integrated.
"If you're thinking of touring at the cost of your life, I won't stop
you…"
"No."
Miro shook her head.
"I don't care what kind of mind it is. I just need what's there to
eradicate evil."
"What will you do? You don't really think you can pull it off, do
you?"
"Why are you asking me?"
Miro smiled at Gaold.
"It's up to you to find a way. Whether you come to protect me, fight the
enemy, or beat Ymir, just make it happen. Somehow get the Ultima System into my hands."
"I won't say no... But what if I can't? There are impossible
things."
"Really?"
Miro grabbed Gaold's collar with both hands.
"Then I die. You get what I'm saying? It means I can't be happy. Do you
want me to die in agony?"
Even as Miro glared at him, Gaold's expression remained
unchanged.
"Sigh."
Exhaling, Miro leaned her forehead against Gaold's chest.
"Do you know what makes me the most angry?"
"What?"
"That you're stronger than me. It's annoying and frustrating to deal
with you, but you're still useful, so I can't just discard you. That really makes me angry."
"I'll try anyway."
Miro suddenly perked up.
"Let's go into ymir's mind together. I'll figure out a way, so you
handle your emotional sickness."
Gaold thought simply.
Just increase the sensation much more, unimaginably more than
now.
"I'll go tell Shirone."
As Gaold moved to leave the tower, Miro, watching his back, spoke
up.
"Just one question."
Gaold stopped at the door.
"Why do you like me?"
As he looked puzzled, Miro snapped at him.
"Am I that pretty? Do I have a good figure? Or is it just stubbornness?
I always make things difficult for you."
"What about you?"
With a wry smile as if to say he'd heard it all, he pulled on the
doorknob.
"Why do you hate me?"
Even after Gaold had gone down the stairs, Miro remained lost in thought
for a long time.
She too, was at a loss for words.
32 kilometers from Bashuka, at a crossroads.
The twin carriage stopped, and Iruki and Neid alighted, carrying large
travel bags.
"Is this the right place?"
Iruki checked the sign.
"Right, it's the junction of the journey. Did we arrive too
early?"
Just then, they saw the smoke of the Miracle Stream in front of
them.
"Shirone!"
Shirone, who appeared in front of them through quantum transmission,
greeted them with a smile and a wave.
"Have you been waiting long?"
Neid said.
"No, we just got here too. But what about the carriage? Should we leave
it here?"
It was time to start their mission after two days of preparation.
Iruki and Neid planned to follow Shirone around the world to spread the
Ultima System.
"It's best to leave it since we'll be moving around the wastelands. And
sorry about Dorosi and Liz; they could actually come with us."
Iruki shook his head.
"The royal palace is desperately short on staff. In times like these, we
need to pull in every contact we can. Dorosi said she's bringing the excavation team."
Neid said.
"Liz will join up with the Pony side. I've handed over everything
regarding the elemental bomb factory."
If it's friends of friends, and those friends' friends, where exactly is
the enemy?
Neid shrugged the weight of his backpack on his shoulder and
asked.
"So where do we go first?"
Even though Shirone had mastered all the world's geography through
Omega, the aftereffects of the war were unknown.
"How about this?"
Iruki unfolded a mental world map he had kept since his time as a
Valkyrie general.
"If I explain my map, every place the army of hell passed through is lit
up. The dark parts are spotty like islands. We could use those as points to move between."
"Ah. So, where's the nearest place?"
"O"
As Shirone thought to expand the world map, thousands of locations
popped up.
"The Borshua region."
Shirone nodded.
"That's the Kingdom of Acros."
A country that stretched along the coastline, bordering Tormia to the
north.
"It's nearly destroyed by war, but it seems the coastal areas haven't
suffered much damage. Let's head there first."
Neid asked.
"But what about the emotional disease? Right now, Shirone's ability is
buying us time, but it won't hold up forever."
"There's no going back. If Shirone and Rian can purify the Under World,
it'll be resolved. If not…"
Iruki shrugged.
"Then it's all the same, isn't it? The world's ending anyway."
"Of course. My worry is that we might become incurable before the Under
World is purified."
The threshold of pain was endlessly rising, and to soothe it, the power
of Hexa also had to keep increasing.
Shirone said.
"It's bad to have reduced functional ability at a crucial moment. But
this is the best we can do. According to Seriel…"
Shirone shared the latest information just received from the World
Health Organization.
"The emotional disease seems to be transmissible through human bodies.
Even in areas away from the direction of the wind, cases of emotional disease have been found. It was
confirmed by the World Meteorological Organization."
Iruki's expression turned serious.
"Hmm, then the spread is faster than expected. There will be those who
give up their homes to calm their pain. Giving up their homes, the biggest real estate investment there
is."
"Yeah. Pony has taken emergency quarantine measures, but it's impossible
to stop desertion since even the soldiers are infected. That's why we made the decision. Those on key
missions will try to extend the incubation period with Hexa's power."
Being in the same fate community, Iruki and Neid readily accepted the
opinion.
"Understood. Let's set off."
As the world hurried towards destruction day by day, the trio felt a
slight thrill in their hearts.
Neid said.
"Come to think of it, it's our first trip after graduation. Remember, we
promised to stick together even after entering society. Finally, a dream come true."
"It's because you're idle. Was being unemployed your dream?"
At Iruki's comment, Neid gestured animatedly.
"Look who's talking, you're broke too! Just wait until the emotional
disease clears up. You'll be raking in the money."
"Haha!"
Listening to the two bicker, Shirone burst out laughing,
relieved.
"Yes, this is where it starts. May everyone be able to laugh."
"Shirone."
Miro came into the room.
"What's up?" The atmosphere in the palace was tense as Rian was about to
depart for the Under World soon.
"A meeting. Did you hear from Gaold?"
"Yes. We've agreed to go together to Drimo. Once Rian's task is
complete, we'll depart immediately."
"Good. I have something I want to discuss before that. I can tell you
anytime, but once we enter Ymir's psyche, I want to focus only on the mission."
It seemed like she had homework for him.
"Yes, tell me."
"It's about Havitz."
Miro's eyes hardened.
"During the attempt to assassinate Havitz, we gathered a lot of
information. I'm confident he's the most dangerous person. If the situation allows, he could even kill a
Buddha."
Shirone just listened.
"Kuan described the situation when he attacked Havitz while listening to
the divine frequency as shameful. He felt like a child lost in delusions."
"I see."
Kuan's feelings were completely understandable.
"But Havitz definitely exists. Not only Meirei but also Rian have
definitely felt something at some moments. Therefore, the problem is with us, dismissing it as
delusion."
"The limit of perception."
"Yes. The barrier of quantum phenomena you spoke of. If the human mind
defines everything, then vanishing is the exact opposite. Havitz exists in a domain where nothing should
be defined."
"Like… purity?" Miro snapped her fingers.
"Exactly. A pure being. Perhaps a newborn child, who sees the world
without any preconceptions, might see Havitz?"
"Hmm."
Shirone pondered.
"Maybe, no, surely they can see. Because…"
Both spoke simultaneously.
"Even if they see, they don't see." Miro nodded.
"That child can see Havitz because it doesn't know what form Havitz
takes. Without any preconceptions, it just absorbs all the signals caught by the optic nerve."
"…It's not invincible."
Lost in thought, Shirone said.
"But it's the same, isn't it? How can a newborn, who doesn't even know
what Havitz is, help?"
"There is one person."
Shirone's eyes widened.
"Not perfect, but still close. No, that child might even be able to kill
Havitz."
"Who is it?"
Miro raised her index finger.
"Wena Wizard."
A name that had been ranked sixth in the candidate hierarchy of the
Ivory Tower, alongside Nane, Jinsungeum, and Shirone.