Chapter 989:
Another Space (3)
The Kashan Empire.
The cultural city of Avelion was a tourist special district where one
could experience the cultural flavors from all around the world in one place.
True to its pride in its culture, the empire maintained minimal damage
from the war's effects.
Human resilience is truly tenacious, and as the demonic forces waned,
the market regained its vitality.
It seemed like the only paradise in a destroyed world.
"Hmm."
Amidst the bustling crowd, Havitz activated his vanishing ability and
drew his sword.
"Buy it! It's cheap! Only here in Avelion, cactus essence for just…
erk!"
Havitz beheaded the merchant, who was presenting a glass bottle, and
then took it for himself.
Blood spurted violently, yet no one in the market felt anything
amiss.
"Beautiful necklaces for sale. Handmade with desert crystals. A
gift for your wife…"
As Havitz tasted the cactus essence, he reached out, and his sword
pierced through the neck of an old woman.
He continued to gaze into the glass bottle, savoring the taste, then
drew his sword and turned around.
He then thrust the bottle right into the head of a passerby.
The bottle shattered with a thud.
The seated passerby bled profusely, yet couldn't comprehend what had
happened to him.
Havitz then stabbed the man in the abdomen, and began to slaughter
people at will.
In the market now turning into a bloodbath, people still laughed and
chatted.
Havitz's eyes sunk into the abyss.
"A disgusting place."
When the demonic world opened, Havitz had tasted immense pleasure
through the divine frequency.
Especially during the outbreak of the emotional disease, he had lain in
the wasteland, shivering for nearly half a day.
However, the voices collected in Avelion were far from his
liking.
As he moved against the flow of the crowd, swinging his sword, he
stopped in front of a fabric store.
A young woman carrying a child on her back was bending over to pick out
fabrics.
Havitz looked at the child.
"Ah, ah."
The child, just over a year old, reached out and smiled at
Havitz.
Havitz offered his blood-stained sword to the child, who attempted to
grab it, moving it slowly from left to right.
"Ah, ah."
The child tried to grab the sword.
The middle-aged woman who owned the fabric store, watching the lively
child, said,
"Is he your son? He's very curious."
"Oh, is he? That's strange. He's usually so calm at home."
"It's good for him to be out. Maybe the guardian deity of Kashan is
blessing him."
The child's mother laughed softly.
"The guardian deity of Kashan?"
"It's something my grandmother used to say. She told me that babies can
see gods. Adults, clouded by worldly cares, see differently. That's why in her days, if a baby gestured
at the air, they prayed. 'Please let our child grow up healthy,' they'd say."
"Yes??????"
It might be an old folk tale, but becoming a mother had piqued her
interest in such things.
The shop owner gently suggested,
"Why don't you try it? Nothing to lose."
"Should I?"
She felt embarrassed to try, but for her baby's sake, she closed her
eyes.
"Dear God."
Havitz yawned, picking his ear.
"Please keep our son from harm. And let him grow up to be a wonderful
person."
Havitz made a silly face at the baby, who burst into innocent
laughter.
"Ah! Ahu!"
The mother was startled.
"Oh, he laughed. Did you hear that?"
She felt a chill of sincerity but knew it was just a coincidence.
"See? The gods have responded. They must have blessed the baby."
Feeling good anyway, the mother decided to buy both pieces of fabric she
had been weighing.
"Give me these."
The fabric was quite expensive, and the pleased shop owner packed up the
items.
"I'm happy if the mother is. I'll throw in an extra handkerchief for the
baby's bib."
"Thank you."
While the mother received her goods, Havitz played with the baby's tiny
hand, moving it up and down.
"Yes. Shake hands. Shake hands."
"Ah. Ah."
The baby, drooling and laughing, clung back to its mother as she turned
to leave.
"Take care."
Havitz waved at the departing baby and plunged back into the
crowd.
Wena Wizard.
Once ranked 6th among the Ivory Tower candidates, his whereabouts became
unclear afterward.
"I think I've heard the name. How old is he now?" Miro
asked.
"Seven years old. I heard about the Wizard when Wigo joined Zion.
He's dead now, though..."
"Yes, it's a pity."
Sky Wigo was also a promising wizard, ranked 9th among the Ivory Tower
candidates.
'He was a strong person.'
Although he was subdued by Shirone, the incarnation technique called
Dump was astonishing.
'Did the Ivory Tower rate the four-year-old Wizard higher than
Wigo?'
Shirone's curiosity was piqued.
"What kind of child is he?"
"A congenital awakener. I heard he opened the Spirit Zone when he
was three months old in the womb."
"Right after the brain was formed."
"Yes. He reached a level of concentration that even adults can't
achieve with an immature brain. Can you imagine what happens when a fetus perceives the world with
synesthesia in the womb?"
Shirone couldn't answer.
There have been many congenital awakeners in human history, but it was
the first time someone entered the Spirit Zone.
"Where is he now?"
"I don't know. When the world war broke out and manpower became
crucial, I got the list of Ivory Tower candidates..."
Since Shirone entered the Ivory Tower, no new candidates had been added,
so it was the last list.
"All were found dead. But if someone made it to the Ivory Tower
candidate list, it's not easy to fake their death. Some might have truly died, but at least the Wizard
is alive."
"How can you be sure?"
"Because he can't die. It's a bit contradictory, but there's no
absolute in battle, right? But considering the characteristics of the Wizard I
investigated..."
"Is it absolute?"
Miro nodded reluctantly.
"Humans are born, learn about the world, and acquire the ability to
conquer it. But the Wizard isn't like that. He belonged to the world from the fetal stage. Honestly, I'm
more curious about how that child could die."
She pointed at Shirone.
"For example, if you attack me, I consider all variables in a split
second and make the best choice. Whatever happens, I think and calculate. But the Wizard..."
"Just knows?"
"Probably. From what I've heard."
"Hmm."
Shirone pondered.
"All wizards use omniscience. You, Shirone, are at the pinnacle of
that. But the Wizard is different from the basics. To put it simply... should I call it
foresight?"
"Foresight."
"Yes. Without calculating or thinking, just responding. Like
nature. And because of that..."
Shirone said.
"Pure."
He can perceive Havitz.
"Yes. Still seven years old. As he grows older, the limits of
perception might cause foresight to degenerate. So it has to be done now."
"But isn't it too harsh? If he's truly pure, facing
Havitz..."
"It's inevitable. Neither you, nor I, nor even Nane can kill
Havitz."
"Because it's impossible to collide."
"Yes. The event of Havitz dying doesn't occur. The moment we
calculate something, the law spits it out beyond the collision boundary. Despite all efforts to
approach, we couldn't succeed. But the Wizard can."
"Because he doesn't calculate." Miro nodded.
"Havitz's chaos proliferates like an amoeba with desire. It's so
violent, and you can't predict where it will extend its tentacles. But strangely, really
strangely..."
According to her insight.
"Purity. When you don't define Havitz, it becomes eerily calm, as
if chaos is asleep."
A thought crossed her mind.
"Idea and Chaos. The number 2 of the law. If you don't define
chaos, the concept of chaos itself can't exist."
"We need to find the Wizard."
Miro's voice was firm.
"Havitz can hear the waves of the mind. It's now impossible to lie.
There's no way other than a congenital awakener."
Shirone understood.
"I'll go with Amy. With Mr. Lampa's help, we can find
him."
Tess was almost in tears.
"What should we do..."
Applying black oil to a living Rian, how could one be sane?
'It must hurt.'
Even if she were asked to hold her hand over a campfire for three
seconds, she wouldn't be able to endure it.
"This isn't right." Suddenly, her mind spun, and she reached a
state where normal thinking was impossible.
"Shirone, wait a moment. No matter what..."
At that moment, something heavy was placed on her shoulder, and Tess
turned around.
"Ah??????"
It was Rian's grandfather, Clump.
Shirone, who had turned his head at Tess's voice, saw him and walked
over.
"Hello."
"Yes."
Clump stared intently at Rian, who was sitting cross-legged 20 meters
away.
"Are you well prepared?"
"Yes. I'm sorry."
Although Rian's family in Creas had been informed, seeing it with their
own eyes was different.
Tess spoke.
"Grandfather, do we really have to go this far? How can you set
fire to a living person? If he can't endure it..."
The moment Rian's idea disappeared, his body would turn to ashes.
"Of course not, my precious grandson." Clump smiled kindly as
Tess's eyes widened.
"No one can set fire to my grandson. Unless that fool does it
himself."
"Grandfather."
"Let's go. Hold your head high. At least respond to Rian's
courage."
Holding Clump's arm, Tess took heavy steps toward Rian.
The smell of oil stung her nose.
"How does it feel to be dragged to hell?"
Rian, who was meditating, opened one eye.
"I don't know if I can do it. I'm terrible at this kind of thing.
It might take a long time."
Tess shouted.
"That's not it! I mean your feelings. Can you endure it? If you
can't, take a break."
She couldn't say to give up, so she said it, but it seemed even
crueler.
"It will be hard."
Clump also became serious.
"You won't want to endure it. But that's the key to hell. If you
want, I'll leave."
Who would want to show their family their agony?
Instead of answering, Rian looked at the distant castle wall.
A black-haired swordsman stood there.
'Rai.'
Even after the battle in Bashka, his brother had never visited
Rian.
"Let's start, Shirone."
As Shirone approached, Clump and Tess stepped back, keeping Rian in
their sight.
Tess was anxious.
'Should I go back to the castle? Should I stay here? No, if my presence
makes Rian more miserable...'
"Tess."
When the pale Tess looked up, Rian was smiling with one eye
closed.
"Watch closely. See how magnificently I do it."
Barely holding back her tears, Tess gritted her teeth and nodded
repeatedly as Shirone raised his hand.
"See you in hell, Rian."
A small flame ignited on his palm.