Chapter 991:
Karma Chain (1)
The Underworld.
This place, known as hell, is as vast as the real world and has a
society as structured as that of humans.
Unlike human society, which is a product of reason, hellish society is
born from emotions, leading to a different system altogether.
One key difference is that if the basis of reality is water, the basis
of hell is fire.
The sky is mostly covered with clouds of fire, and instead of cold rain,
hot flames fall.
The fire that falls to the ground melts like lava and flows into great
rivers of fire.
Cities are formed along these river tributaries, each invariably
equipped with devices known as purification facilities.
These include lava dams that regulate the amount of fire, soul
processing plants that adjust the quality of fire, and grills that burn with hellfire 24 hours a
day.
All these purification facilities are overseen by the Fire Resource
Management Corporation, which boasts the highest authority in hell.
"Aaaaah!"
A piercing scream echoed from the CEO's office at the Fire Resource
Management Corporation, also known as Fire Corp.
The scream sounded painful, yet it was laced with pleasure between
syllables.
The door burst open.
"Boss! What's happening?"
The CEO, who had his legs up on the table, quickly curled up and turned
around.
"Yikes! What is it?"
Monoras, the chief of staff, spoke calmly.
"I heard some noises."
Lethe, the CEO of Fire Corp, narrowed her eyes and coldly scanned
Monoras.
With reddish-brown skin and the head of a pig, Monoras embodied the
worst and dumbest of demons.
'Why would such a creature...'
...be the chief of staff at Fire Corp?
"Sniff. Sniff."
As Monoras sniffed around as if searching for something, Lethe's face
contorted.
"What are you doing?"
"Nothing really. Huh, ha. Huh, ha." His nasally congested
voice was insufferable, but what was most annoying was that he was the most shameless demon in
hell.
"Monoras."
"Yes, boss."
Lethe flicked her finger.
"Come here for a second."
"I need to get to work. I'm busy."
His sluggish body didn't budge, so she quickly nodded in
anticipation.
"Alright, just come over here for a second."
Monoras reluctantly walked over to the desk, clearly displeased.
"Why? Is there something to eat..." Before he could finish,
she had leaped over the desk and punched Monoras in the jaw.
"This damn guy!"
Monoras' pig body flew through the office wall and slammed heavily into
the corridor wall.
Lethe ran up and began stomping on his stomach furiously.
"Didn't I tell you not to come in? I've said it over three hundred
million times! Are you ignoring me now?"
Each of Lethe's blows sounded like kneading meat.
"Oink! Oink!"
Monoras made noises like a pig being slaughtered as he rolled down the
corridor, with Lethe following swiftly.
"How many more times do you need to be hit to get it? I'm the boss!
Understand? Who's the boss?"
"I, I am the boss!"
"Aargh! So annoying!"
When Lethe kicked Monoras, his hefty body hit the ceiling then fell
vertically.
"Ha! Ha!"
Holding his stomach and crying, Monoras looked up at Lethe as she caught
her breath.
"I'm the boss! I am! So for you, not me but you..."
"Boss."
A voice came from the end of the corridor.
A refreshingly clear voice, unsuitable for hell.
But this was precisely their job.
The Informeter.
A woman with horns like a goat's on her head approached like a cat,
clutching a folder to her chest.
"You two seem to get along well." Lethe, catching her breath,
looked at Monoras with unfocused eyes before lifting her head.
"What's the matter?"
"Oh, yes. Two life spirits have come in. From Barmaon Sector 7, the
Tomb of Spines. It's a different type from the sacrifice of Jin Seongeum."
Recalling an incident where the purification system got tangled due to
the sealing of the spiritual realms, Lethe sighed.
"What type is it?"
"Yin-yang."
"What!"
Lethe's eyes widened.
"That's a massive emotional entity! No, no! Almost all the
purification facilities nationwide are nearly paralyzed. We can't purify this." The Informeter
shrugged.
"As much as you say that..."
For the Fire Resource Management Corporation, it was a problem that had
to be put aside all other tasks.
"Damn it! What kind of crazy human is this!"
Yin-yang refers to the phenomenon where two concepts referring to each
other merge into one.
Usually, it's a temporary, singular occurrence, but the mere fact that
it had crossed over to hell was problematic.
"Normally, not even a major taboo can cross the threshold of hell.
How the hell did it get here?"
"Well, the type of Karma Chain is of the color realm. It reached
the First Origin through the amplification of good and evil."
"Ugh."
Lethe made a disgusted face.
"It's a complete mess. Evil is manageable, but what's with
accepting good?"
"It seems it was a method to stop evil."
"Hmm."
Lethe pondered with her chin propped, as loud snoring filled the air
from the floor.
Monoras had fallen asleep and was talking in his sleep.
"Hehehe, boss, that tickles."
The blood drained from Lethe's face, and a few strands of her hair stood
up like static electricity.
"Aw! Seriously!"
Before anyone could intervene, she kicked, and Monoras' face slammed
hard against the wall.
"Mmm, mmm."
Lethe turned away with tears in her eyes.
"This jerk is the chief of staff! I can't fire him, nor can I quit.
Is there even a god?"
Like Great Star managing resources in reality, Lethe managed the
resources of the underworld.
The difference was the severe work stress in a company with no breaks or
retirement.
Barmaon Sector 7.
Spines were pulled out and piled up, giving the place its name: the Tomb
of Spines.
There, a type of child-like Limbos roamed the tomb, sucking
marrow.
Limbos, a race weak in combat but unmatched in cruelty, hunched their
thin legs and sucked marrow, lifeless eyes finding no joy.
"Aaaaaah!"
At the sudden explosion in the air, the Limbos threw bones and scattered
in all directions.
Space wavered, and a man and woman entangled with each other fell onto
the tomb.
"Argh!"
Etella, pierced by a sharp bone, groaned, and Shagall's expression also
twisted.
"Hoo. Hoo."
Regaining his senses and looking around, he realized they were in a
completely different place.
"Where are we?"
"Probably... hell."
Turning her head, Etella, still lying below, spoke calmly.
"This is the only place you were meant to go."
"Keek!"
Shagall chuckled and laughed.
"Hahaha! So this was it? You were trying to take me to hell with
all that talk of forgiveness?"
"Disappointed?"
The laughter stopped abruptly.
"No."
Rapidfire swords rained down like hail, and Shagall grabbed one of
them.
"You must be disappointed. To fall into hell because of someone
like me. But what can you do? From now on, what you will experience is not hell, but me."
Shagall's tongue licked the blade.
"You're already dead, so you can't die again, right? Or can you?
Maybe we should experiment."
A rapid fire sword embedded itself in Etella's shoulder.
"Huuk!"
Simultaneously, Shagall felt the pain of the blade in his own shoulder
and instinctively bit down.
"Damn it! What the hell!"
Etella, who had stood up, looked shocked as he examined his
chest.
"What the...?"
A chain that started from where his heart should be pierced through
Shagall's clothes and connected to his chest.
"Damn it! This is annoying."
When Shagall pulled the chain, Etella was engulfed in a shock as if her
soul was being ripped out.
"Huuk!"
Etella lunged forward, and Shagall, equally shocked, collapsed to his
seat.
Both had the same thought.
"We're connected."
Thinking they needed more information, Shagall drew his rapid fire sword
and stabbed his own thigh.
"Kuk! What are you doing!"
Etella clutched her knee and snapped, but this confirmed their
situation.
"Hmm."
Control needed to be seized.
Shagall pulled the chain again, but this time Etella responded in the
same way.
Click!
As the chain tautened, both shivered as if electrocuted.
"Kuuuuuu!"
Crouched in pain and waiting for it to pass, they both had some
clarity.
"I'm really stuck. Is this my sin?"
Turning his head, Shagall saw Etella looking despondent at him.
"It works! It works!"
The scenery of reality disappeared, and Rian saw everything in his
vision turn red.
At that moment, the burning pain vanished.
"Ugh!"
He felt the extreme emotions quickly subside, but he did not return to
reality.
In a sense... he was dead.
"Well, that's that."
Rian checked to see if his "Idea" was intact and looked
around.
He was surrounded by hungry ghouls, who were frantically eating rocks as
if they couldn't bear their hunger.
"Kehek! Kehek!"
A ghoul choking on a rock coughed and then stopped when it saw Rian.
Thousands of ghouls, having caught the scent of fresh flesh, were now staring at him.
The sulfur smell was foul, and the air was hot, but at least it wasn't
as bad as burning.
"Time to stretch a bit?"
Rian drew his greatsword as the ghouls closed in on him.
"Kieee! Meat! Meat!"
The ghouls, speaking in an unintelligible language, swarmed from all
directions like rising water.
Just as Rian confidently stepped forward and swung his greatsword
horizontally...
"Ugh!"
His heart felt like it was burning, and his strength rapidly drained
from his body.
'What is this?'
Rian rolled on the ground to avoid the attack and checked his chest
while holding his greatsword forward.
His body was pierced as if it had been impaled.
Instead of a heart, a red stone floated there, with small chains
endlessly winding around it.
'Is it because of this?'
When he exerted force, the chains wound faster and caught fire.
"Ugh!"
Feeling the burning pain, Rian grimaced, and the ghouls clapped.
"Gehenna! Gehenna!"
He didn't know the meaning, but he could guess.
'So, the fire hasn't gone out. The fire from reality works differently
here.'
That must be Gehenna.
"It doesn't matter."
Rian smirked and stood up.
"Come at me."
The ghouls swarmed again, and despite the pain, Rian swung his sword
freely.
The weaker ghouls were no match for him, but the more he moved, the
hotter the fire in his chest grew.
Smoke began to rise from Rian's mouth.
"Ugh!"
The ghouls realized their opponent was strong but didn't give up and
continued to stall for time.
Chains flowed from Rian's chest and eventually anchored to the
ground.
Rian, unaware, charged forward, but the pulling force bent his upper
body back, and he fell to his knees.
"Ugh!"
He couldn't muster any strength.
As if expecting this, the ghouls howled and pounced on Rian
simultaneously.
"Meat! I'll eat it!"
As the ghouls sank their sharp teeth into him, Rian gritted his teeth
and stood up.
"Fire...whatever..."
The chains anchored to the ground tightened and glowed red-hot as if
heated.
"Gehenna! Gehen..."
The ghouls stopped and looked around.
The ground turned to lava, and their comrades' bodies melted like
porridge.
"How can it be Gehenna...!"
Divine Transcendence.
As Rian advanced, the heated chains pulled out, burning the air.
"Eek! H-Hellfire!"
The ghouls retreated, and pure demonic energy flowed along the chains
into Rian's heart.
"Ugh!"
At the same time, smoke billowed from Rian's mouth as if his lungs were
on fire.