Chapter 994:
Karma Chain (4)
The sailors' supplies were far from enough to last a day, but the people
gained confidence.
In some situations, killing someone might be the only way to
survive.
But at least they were not alone.
This atmosphere wouldn't last forever, but Shirone smiled
contentedly.
'Even for a single moment.'
If everyone could care for each other's hearts, this world would never
be hopeless.
Amidst the people dazed by the disaster, a warm breeze of human warmth
circulated.
However, from a distance, perhaps from a higher place than them, Desika
watched the situation with displeasure.
"Who is that guy?"
As the Minister of the Interior of a country, he might have heard the
name Yahweh, but recognizing the face was another matter.
The knight hinted.
"There's always someone like that wherever you go. Those who act
childishly, unaware of the impending tragedy. I'm curious to see what he'll do when there's truly no
water to share."
Desika snorted.
"He'll probably beg and cry. He doesn't know how hard life is. It
gets tough when someone like him gets involved."
If people started helping each other, naturally, the blame would fall on
Desika, who monopolized the food.
"Deal with it."
"...Understood."
Desika's knight bowed with cold eyes and walked towards Shirone.
"Hey, you."
Shirone looked up.
"Me?"
"Yes, you. I'll let it slide this time, but from now on, this kind
of behavior is forbidden."
"I understand that you didn't touch the minister's
food."
"That's not the issue. If we start sharing supplies, we'll all end
up dead. Resources are limited in any world. You should know that unless you're a fool."
For the first time, Shirone's eyes showed displeasure.
'This is it.'
What really made him angry.
"Sorry, but giving my share to someone else is my freedom. I can't
follow your words."
The knight sighed deeply.
When he looked back at the minister, Desika nodded as if he
understood.
"Kid."
The knight's sword, drawn with a splash, dug deep towards Shirone's
neck.
"Do you know where you are right now?"
Unlike the calm Shirone, Poine's eyes were filled with formidable
malice.
'Insignificant creature...'
Just as she was thinking of twisting the knight's neck 180 degrees,
Shirone asked.
"Where are we?"
"In the middle of the sea. Food is scarce, and we don't know when a
big wave will hit. Killing you is nothing. It might even be helpful."
The knight's expression turned cruel.
"You'll make good food."
The moment the blade touched Shirone's skin in a realm beyond human
perception.
"I've decided."
Shirone slowly stood up.
Desika's expression twisted, but the knight, with his sword aimed, was
frozen in place.
'What?'
His vision blurred, and it felt like his body was trapped in his brain,
losing control.
Mind Technique - Imprisonment.
'Help me! Someone...!'
All his senses were still alive, but it felt like none of it was his own
experience.
As people looked on in confusion, Shirone turned to Desika and
spoke.
"The desire to live is a natural instinct of living beings. I don't
want to deny that."
Desika remained silent.
"But some people share even the smallest things. It doesn't matter
what you think..."
Shirone's eyes sharpened.
"Don't mock that heart. Even if it seems foolish, it's a great
instinct for survival."
People swallowed nervously as they watched Shirone rebuke the Minister
of the Interior.
"Hmm."
Desika rested his chin on his hand and asked.
"Who are you?" When Shirone didn't answer, he smirked and made
a proposal.
"You seem to be a wizard. How about working under me? I'll give you
half of my share."
A knight guarding the Minister of the Interior would be of high caliber
even by global standards.
If he couldn't move such a skilled person, he had no choice but to use a
conciliatory approach.
"Foolish."
Desika's eyebrow twitched, but Shirone turned away as if he didn't need
to deal with him anymore.
"This is the middle of the sea." In the distance, the sea's
back was rising.
"Save yourselves."
As soon as Shirone finished speaking, the sailors rang the emergency
bell and moved busily.
"A big wave! Everyone, get inside!"
As people watched with anxious expressions, the captain came out and
shouted at them.
"What are you doing! Get inside...!" Rumble!
The deafening sound made the captain stop and turn towards the
sea.
"Damn it."
A wave of unprecedented height was about to swallow the ship.
"Kihehehe! Humans, humans!"
Amphibious demons were submerged in the tsunami, each holding their
weapons high.
"Save yourselves."
Muttering that, Shirone wrapped himself in Miracle Stream and prepared
to fight.
"Ugh!"
The knight, whose senses returned as if by magic, grabbed his head and
looked at the tsunami.
'...We can't withstand this.'
It was beyond human capability.
"Minister! This way! We have to escape!"
Even in the end, the knight's dedication to the minister showed he had
some qualifications as a knight...
"Messiah."
"Leave them."
Shirone knew what happened to those who lost their hearts in the
prophesied end of the world.
"Aaaah!"
Desika and the knight turned pale as they saw the tsunami approaching
400 meters away.
At that moment, dozens of massive water columns shot up from the back of
the ship.
"Roaaar!"
With a roar that shook the heavens and earth, the Water Dragon Kaios
flew up to face the tsunami.
The Water Dragon's breath, boasting a 24-hour recharge time, exploded
through dragon words.
As the astronomical amount of water twisted and struck the tsunami, the
sea surged, lifting the ship hundreds of meters high.
"Aaaah!"
The deck was in chaos, and only Shirone and Poine watched the demons
descending from the sky.
"Poine, I've decided."
At least he saw hope.
Miracle Stream condensed strongly in Shirone's hands, exploding into a
brilliant light.
"Kieee!"
The demons engulfed in light turned to ashes and vanished, while the
people felt a purifying emotion.
"Aaah..."
The feeling of falling from the sky was dizzying, but even that was
soothed by a warm heart.
'Hand of God.'
A hand of light descended from the sky, supporting the ship and gently
lowering it onto the water.
The waves were still rough, but as the Hand of God stirred around the
ship, they quickly calmed.
"This, this can't be..."
Desika, the knight, and even those who had received help couldn't
approach Shirone.
"Yahweh."
According to the news from across the sea, a blond boy was fighting for
the world.
The Minister of the Interior knew the boy's identity and physical
characteristics.
"This is unbelievable."
Blaming himself for not recognizing him sooner, the current situation
was beyond belief.
'Yahweh is here? Why?'
The savior of the world couldn't possibly be on a refugee ship carrying
only a few dozen people.
"Desika."
"Y-yes!"
Desika, understanding the situation, prostrated himself.
"When you reach the Kingdom of Dionas, set up a provisional
government. Soon, people from the Kingdom of Tormia will come. Cooperate with them to help the flood
victims as much as possible."
Desika wasn't a foolish politician who couldn't read the situation from
Shirone's words.
"...Understood."
A massive tectonic shift was occurring, with the world being reorganized
around Tormia.
"But the journey is still long. If Yahweh uses his power, we could
reach land quickly..."
Desika flinched as he looked into Shirone's eyes.
"Ugh!"
No sweet words could work in the face of a mind-penetrating gaze.
"If it were just the people on this ship, we could reach land
immediately."
Shirone looked back and said.
"We're all going together."
Following his gaze, people turned their heads and gaped in
astonishment.
Countless ships filled the horizon, following the flying Kaios.
Underworld.
The Valley of Lamentation was originally a river of the hottest Hellfire
in hell.
But after the spiritual realm was sealed, the lava dried up completely,
leaving a cliff hundreds of meters deep.
Sliding down the rolling pebbles, Etella and Shagal reached the bottom
of the valley.
'We need to find food.'
As living souls fallen into hell, they were hungry, but finding food was
uncertain.
As Etella looked around and tried to move, a sharp pain struck her
thigh.
"Ugh!"
Turning around with one leg bent, she saw Shagal stabbing his own thigh
with a knife.
Glaring at his sneering face, Etella stood up again.
"Why do you keep doing this?"
"Do you really not know?"
Shagal pointed to the chain.
"You and I are trapped in this chain of hell. Pain, emotions,
sensations, all shared through the chain."
As the chain connecting them shortened, Etella gritted her teeth.
"Ugh."
She tried to endure, but the uncontrollable force affected Shagal as
well.
When their bodies were completely pressed together, Etella turned her
head away in disgust.
"Understand? This is punishment. You're paying the price for daring
to forgive me. You'll never escape me."
There was no rebuttal.
She had chosen this to remove Shagal from reality, so she had to take
responsibility.
"Let's find a place to rest first. We don't know what demons might
come out at night."
When Etella pushed Shagal away, the chain lengthened again, but its
limit was about two meters.
When Shagal stabbed his own thigh with a quick-draw knife, Etella, who
was ahead, collapsed.
Watching her back, which no longer responded, Shagal thought.
'And this is the punishment given to me.'
To torment Etella, he had to harm himself first.
'Hmm?'
After walking for a while, Shagal's superhuman senses detected a
chilling presence and relayed it to his brain.
"Stop."
Etella, belatedly stopping, saw the illusion of Shagal's quick-draw
knife flickering around him.
The eerie presence was still far away, emanating from the darkness at
the end of the valley.
Etella's face turned pale.
'I can feel it. Overwhelming emotions, anger, sacrifice, pain.'
Don't come.
The woman's voice echoed loudly, as if it were resonating directly in
their brains.
There was no way Shagal hadn't heard what Etella did, but he continued
to advance slowly.
"Hmph, hell is just another place where people live, after
all."
Since they were connected by the chain, Etella had no choice but to
follow if Shagal moved.
The deeper they went, the stronger the emotions grew, until the fear
became unbearable.
"What's that?"
The two stopped and looked up.
Hundreds of chains were embedded in the cliffs on both sides, binding a
woman.
"D-don't come..."
It was Jinseong-eum, the princess of Jincheon.