Chapter 995:
Karma Chain (5)
Etella saw hundreds of chains extending from Seongeum's heart, connected
in all directions.
Even without knowing much about the underworld, those chains revealed
their nature.
'Jinseong-eum.'
The woman who sealed the spiritual realm for humanity.
It was clear she had entered in a state of living soul, and the emotions
she felt could be understood by comparing them to the chains connecting herself and Shagal.
"Are you... Jinseong-eum?"
Etella took another step closer and asked.
"Uuu..."
Seongeum's body trembled, and the chains clinked from the end of the
Valley of Lamentation.
A force from all directions pressed towards her.
Aaaah!
Though no sound came from her mouth, the scream of her soul was carried
on the wind.
"Annoying."
Shagal gripped his quick-draw knife and stared at Seongeum.
He didn't care who she was, but he had many thoughts about the
chains.
"D-don't come..."
A hoarse voice escaped from Seongeum's mouth, bound by chains.
Etella spoke.
"Rest assured. I am also a guardian of good. I will not leave your
suffering unattended."
Clink, clink!
Seongeum struggled for a moment and then shook her head.
"Shirone."
"Shirone?"
Etella's eyebrows rose as Seongeum trembled and looked down.
"Tell Shirone my words. He must never come here. Go
back."
"I don't understand. Where exactly is this place? And the chains?
Why mustn't Shirone come here?"
As the second wave of pain hit, Seongeum spread her limbs and raised her
head.
Aaaah!
Hearing the scream of the woman known as the Iron Lady was terrifying in
itself.
Seongeum spoke.
"This is the Valley of Lamentation. The original river where
hellfire flowed from the demonic essence of reality. But I dried it up. In return, I ended up like
this."
Etella looked around.
If hellfire had flowed here, it would have been too hot to
approach.
Seongeum continued speaking.
"I don't know what happened to you, but chains represent human
karma, attachment to reality. Chains are hell itself. They bind those who enter hell alive, making them
suffer eternally until they are purified."
Etella examined her own chain.
"But I, no, we are not bound to hell. We are connected to each
other."
"I don't know why either. But perhaps... it means you two are each
other's hell."
While Etella was lost in thought, Shagal scoffed and stepped
forward.
"Nonsense. This woman might be different, but these chains can't
cause me any pain. Well, it's a bit annoying, but if it's like this, hell is quite livable."
Seongeum showed no expression but looked at Shagal with pity for a
moment.
"Everything follows its course, villain. There is suffering because
there is attachment. No one can escape pain here. You will eventually curse those chains. Like all
living souls here, you will shed tears of blood."
As she spoke, waves of pain washed over her several times, but Seongeum
only closed her mouth briefly each time.
'Superhuman mental strength.'
For now, Etella couldn't understand what the chains connecting herself
and Shagal meant, but Seongeum needed to be freed as soon as possible.
"Is there anything I can do to help?"
"Go back."
Seongeum repeated herself.
"There is no way to escape the Karma Chain. No one can break it. No
one should break it. It would bring destruction to the real world. Tell Shirone to go back."
"I can't do that."
If Shirone had really come to the underworld, he must have some
possibility in mind.
"I will free you. Please wait. I'll find a way
somehow."
Seongeum said nothing more.
Falling into hell and suffering was all she had left, but she felt
something in that process.
'Perhaps this is also part of the course.'
Watching the Karma Chain connecting the two people, Seongeum spoke
again.
"You are free to do whatever you want. But remember this place...
doesn't allow you to care about others' suffering. Someday your Karma Chain will bind you."
"I will overcome it."
Just as Seongeum was doing.
Turning around, Etella looked up at the top of the Valley of Lamentation
and spoke.
"Let's go. First, we need to get out of here and gather
information."
Shagal sneered.
"You think I'll let that happen? First of all, I don't care what
happens to that woman. And... if it's what you want, I won't do anything."
For the first time, Etella glared at Shagal with cold eyes.
It was a look of hatred and resentment that he had never seen in
countless battles in reality.
It was probably not as a representative of good but Etella's personal
feelings.
"You are not the only one who can bind me. I can bind you too. If
you want to see who wins, let's do it."
Shagal clamped his mouth shut.
He wasn't scared per se, but looking into Etella's eyes gave him an
inexplicable sense of unease.
'What is this?'
A stimulus traveled through the Karma Chain and pricked a corner of his
heart.
It was similar to an emotion that had once turned his life upside down
in reality.
'Tia.'
The face of a woman he wasn't sure even existed anymore came to mind
automatically.
"Heh heh."
Shagal shrugged his shoulders.
"Fine, there's nothing else to do anyway. But remember this: I'll
never see you smile."
Etella frowned again but was satisfied with this and approached the
wall.
Still connected by the chain, the two people bound by the Taeguk chain
began to climb the cliff.
"Ugh!"
Rian, who was moving forward, suddenly stopped.
Once again, the chains of Gehenna shot out from his heart and anchored
into the ground.
"Huff!"
As he tried to break them with his divine transcendence power, a second
and third chain shot out.
"Rian."
When Shirone turned to look at him, Rian felt the urgency in his gaze
and pushed harder.
The three chains snapped with a clanging sound, and the demonic essence
seeped into his body.
"Haaah!"
"Are you okay?"
Rian nodded.
"I've roughly adapted. I know the trick now. But this is really
inconvenient. They come out at any time."
"It seems that in the state of a living soul, you can't move freely
in hell. You must be a special case."
Is he really a special case?
'Rian's chains burn the hellfire.' It could be an error shaking the
foundation of the underworld's system.
'According to Goffin's experience, there was definitely an upper echelon
in the underworld besides Satan's army.'
If so, it was likely they were being watched.
'Eventually, some movement will be revealed. We need to find something
resembling a city within it.'
Although the spiritual realm was sealed, the demonic essence from the
real world continued to flow into the underworld.
No, with the demon realm now open, hell must be saturated with
unprecedented visitors.
'Even if all the hellfire is extinguished, it doesn't mean the
underworld itself will be purified.'
Shirone aimed to meet the one managing the hell system.
"Let's go, Shirone."
Not wanting to cause worry, Rian moved first, and Shirone followed
without complaint.
The reason he didn't feel so lonely even after falling into hell was
probably because Rian was by his side.
As they climbed to the top of the sheer mountain peak, they heard a
massive scream that was strange not to have heard until now.
"What's that?"
Countless humans were walking towards a place where a great river of
fire flowed.
The reason they couldn't escape was that numerous ghouls were swarming
around them.
"An enormous number."
The army of hell that invaded reality had so many ghouls that their
numbers were beyond counting.
"Aaah! Aaah!"
Ghouls attacked from all directions, tearing at humans, while those at
the front were whipped by masked demons and driven into the river of fire.
"Those bastards!" Rian gripped his greatsword, but Shirone
calmly spoke.
"Stay calm. They aren't humans living in reality. They're just
emotions at the moment of death manifested in human form."
"But... they're suffering."
Rian didn't understand the complexities.
"If chains represent attachment to the real world, those people
don't have chains. Their emotions entered the underworld, but their minds have already escaped
elsewhere."
"Elsewhere? Do you mean the outer world?"
"...Anywhere. No one knows. What I mean is, it's not really
judgment. It's a system where emotions from reality flow into the underworld and are
purified."
"A cold world."
If there was no salvation or hell from the beginning.
The two quickly descended the peak and headed towards the procession of
people.
Everyone was naked, and ghouls, waiting for an opportunity, pounced on
them.
"Aaah! Save me!"
When a ghoul dragged a human away, dozens of others swarmed around to
tear at the flesh.
A masked demon wielded a whip, driving the ghouls away.
"Get lost! Do you know how scarce resources are right now? Ghouls
are a problem everywhere."
Shirone read the words on the armbands on their arms as "Fire
Resource Management Corporation."
As they moved among the crowd, many people were devoured by
ghouls.
"Scary. So scary."
A woman walking beside Rian looked at him.
"Where are we going? Are we just going to disappear like this? I
don't want to disappear."
Rian knew it was a system. But even if it was a lie, he couldn't ignore
those who were suffering.
"Shirone, I don't really understand."
Shirone nodded.
"Yes."
And that was the reason humans had to fight in this cold world.
"How can we save them?"
"Hellfire."
Shirone pointed ahead.
"We need to get rid of the river of fire. But even with Yahweh's
light, it's impossible to eliminate it all..."
"Hey, you two."
A Fire Corporation employee noticed something strange and
approached.
"Who are you?"
The biggest evidence was that they didn't feel fear from Shirone and
Rian.
"Why are you here? This isn't where you belong. Get back to your
original world."
At that moment, several chains shot out from Rian's heart and anchored
into the ground.
The startled Fire Corporation employee watched silently and then slowly
raised his head.
"Gehenna. No way..."
The Fire Corporation had already issued guidelines about those who broke
the chains of Gehenna.
"Kill him! It's this guy!"
The procession turned into chaos, and both employees and ghouls rushed
at Rian.
"I'll hold them off. Get rid of the hellfire."
As Shirone stepped forward and emitted Yahweh's light, the ghouls burned
up in an instant.
Meanwhile, Rian broke the chains and ran towards the river of
fire.
'Can I do it?'
Without time to devise a method, he jumped into the river before the
chains could catch him.
"No, no!"
The Fire Corporation employee shouted, but Rian's body was already
submerged in the fire.
"Aaah!"
Hundreds of chains shot out from Rian's heart and began to absorb the
hellfire.
"Th-this..."
In an unprecedented event in the underworld, the employees stopped
fighting and watched the scene.
Bubbles rose violently in the middle of the river, then gradually
subsided.
"Rian..."
Shirone looked back with a tense expression, and the Fire Corporation
employee faintly smiled.
"Of course, there's no way to extinguish the
hellfire..."
Boom!
A beam of light pierced through the flames and shot up into the
sky.
The greatsword "Idea," connected by chains, soared endlessly
and pierced a massive hole in the fiery clouds.
Following the chains, planet-sized flames twisted like a spiral and
ascended, revealing the bottom of the river of fire.
Shirone, the employees, the ghouls, and the humans all stood frozen in
awe.
"Aaah!"
Rian, with a chain extending from his heart, spread his limbs wide and
roared.