Chapter 996:
Tomb of the Gods (1)
Drimo.
Shirone and the seekers of the world now understood dreams.
"Drimo is a system that processes signals of logic and
illogic," Shirone said.
"Therefore, signals from both the real world and the underworld
come in simultaneously. That's why dreams seem contradictory when you wake up."
Miro added, "In reality, they're not contradictory. At least within
the dream, they're perfectly logical."
Sein agreed, "That's the scary part about hidden codes. Things that
are only possible in dreams unfold in reality."
Even now, thinking about Siok made him grit his teeth.
'I still regret not choosing Miro during the judgment of the 20.'
Of course, he never intended to hurt Gaold.
'I don't deserve to.'
Only Gaold deserved to love Miro, which is why Miro's heart had also
cracked.
'But...'
Liking someone is liking someone.
As Sein looked at Miro's face, he met Kangnan's gaze.
They both knew what the other was thinking, but they turned their eyes
away without expressing it.
"By the way," Gaold said, looking up, "this is definitely
not a place to walk around in a sane state."
Roar!
The monstrous sound came from the machinery operating all around
them.
"This is the center of Drimo."
The world called Mongyu was sprawling chaotically before Shirone and his
group.
Kangnan's mouth dropped open. "My goodness..."
Even the mind of a madman wouldn't be like this.
Mysterious structures repeatedly assembled and disassembled, and among
them were ancient relics from Shirone's planet.
Abstract and impressionist paintings, sound waves bursting like
fireworks, unknown mathematical formulas.
Luber said, "The process of illogical emotions being expressed as
logical symbols is marvelous. That's why some call dreams the source of inspiration."
Even Arius, who had plundered many minds, could only offer praise this
time.
"It's amazing. The common sense we know is overturned, and concepts
from entirely different categories are seamlessly combined."
Monga said proudly, "In dreams, all concepts go through a
mysterious combination process. That's where logic and illogic are distinguished. When you wake up, only
the logical parts remain. This is very important. If illogical codes rise to reality..."
"The world changes," Shirone said.
"The world is defined by the human mind. So if we perceive the
world by illogical standards, eventually the world itself becomes distorted."
Sein asked, "Regulation deviation?"
Monga nodded, "Yes. But that's a small part, considering it uses
equivalent exchange."
Luber continued, "There are cases where concepts are artificially
manipulated. The most representative example is the 'Object.'"
"Ah..."
"A concept that shouldn't come out into the logical world is
enforced using the system's loopholes. Humans call those who do such things 'grave
robbers.'"
When Luber turned his gaze, Arius shrank his shoulders.
"But not all objects in the world are the work of grave robbers,
right? The 'Idea' that Rian has is a prime example of self-manifestation."
"If the user has conviction, the system can't do anything. But
rules exist to be followed. The reason I didn't punish you in your dream is also because of the
rules."
"...I'm sorry."
Luber didn't scold him further.
"That's enough. After all, objects have contributed to the world.
Besides, I..."
Luber gave a bitter smile.
"I haven't always followed the rules either."
"You broke the rules, Luber?" Shirone hadn't heard this
before.
"Yes. Just once, I intentionally brought an object into reality.
That object is the 'Demon Sword Armand' used by the Five Stars."
Many thoughts crossed Shirone's mind.
Of course, Luber would know the origin of all objects, but it felt
strange that Armand was created by his hand.
"I've met Armand. She was a member of the Fire Clan,
right?"
"Yes. It was her wish. I'll tell you more when there's a
chance."
Luber had nothing to hide from Shirone.
So the reason he avoided the topic must have been personal
feelings.
'If it's Arius...'
If he was the one who handed Armand to Prince Zion of Kazra, he must
know something.
But even Arius kept his mouth shut with a troubled expression.
Luber led them to the lowest level of a giant pyramid.
"This is the place."
Luber pointed to a small fountain filled with a viscous red liquid, like
a mirror.
"A non-physical engine, commonly called the Dream Engine. When
activated, the barrier between logic and illogic collapses, and the boundaries of time and space
disappear."
Shirone said, "So that's how the Dreamwalker can exist in
everyone's dreams simultaneously."
"Yes. It's not a logical phenomenon like simultaneous events. It's
just that time and space themselves don't exist."
When Luber activated the Dream Engine, the red liquid gathered in the
air and caused chaotic changes.
Monga extended his hand.
"We're currently injecting negative energy, Nightmare, into Ymir's
dream. The dream power is at its maximum, and it will manifest the event Ymir fears the
most."
Arius added, "If such a thing exists, that is."
When all preparations were complete, the red liquid began to change
shape at an incredible speed.
Like a human face, like a monster, or perhaps it was all an
illusion.
"We're going in."
As the Dream Engine turned Drimo, the surrounding scenery began to
change little by little.
It was Ymir's dream.
It was dark, and nothing could be seen. 'Is this the place?'
It was a silence that felt like the world swallowing them was ignoring
their existence.
Gaold's voice was heard.
"It resembles a vacuum."
That statement was so close to the truth that the group couldn't
respond.
Miro muttered in her mind.
'Ymir's dream resembles a vacuum.'
The fact that not even the smallest creature appeared in the dream might
be natural for Ymir.
Kangnan asked, "Is this a nightmare? Or is there no dream at
all?"
Monga's voice was heard.
"The problem is that we can't tell. But I think it's likely a
nightmare. If it were truly a vacuum, our communication and even our existence would have been
erased."
Miro said, "I used Shining Magic, but the light doesn't turn on.
Shirone, how about Miracle Stream?"
"It's the same. The spell is cast, but this space is controlling
the phenomenon."
Sein swallowed hard.
'It's not just a vacuum. It's a world powerful enough to ignore even
Shirone's abilities. Maybe here...'
They might be annihilated.
"There's something here."
At Gaold's voice, Shirone stopped and saw an eye floating in the
air.
The reason they could see it despite the lack of light was that it was
the only reality in this dream.
"It's a nightmare," Monga said.
"I don't know why this is a nightmare... but at least the Nightmare
wasn't ineffective."
"Hmm, Ymir's fear."
Arius, resting his chin on his hand, analyzed the psychology behind the
keyword "eye."
'Observation, surveillance, monitoring. Or perhaps it's related to
sensory perception. It could be a physical weakness.'
Eyes have many symbolic meanings, but at least it was better than the
infinity of the vacuum.
"There are more and more."
As they moved, the number of eyes continued to increase.
Even so, they couldn't measure the distance, and finally, the darkness
was filled with countless eyes.
'Many eyes. A passive concept. Surveillance? Or resistance to
observation?'
While Arius continued to ponder, Miro spoke.
"Anke Ra?"
"No."
Arius, who had stopped walking, opened his Spirit Zone and sensed the
number of eyes.
Synesthetic insight never missed, but this time there were too
many.
"The number of eyes is roughly over 10 billion. These are probably
the eyes of Gaia."
It made sense, but Miro tilted his head.
"Why 10 billion? Eyes come in pairs, right? Shouldn't it be over 20
billion?"
"That's the key. Why is there only one eye? It's psychological
unification. It's like how disliked friends are compressed into one person in dreams."
The group listened quietly.
"Then here's the question. Why isn't the concept of the eye itself
unified? If it's just fear of surveillance or observation, one giant eye would be enough."
"Well, because of Anke Ra?"
"That's one answer. It avoids conceptual redundancy. But it doesn't
explain why so many are output. Perhaps the number itself is a fear for Ymir."
Shirone looked up.
"10 billion eyes. Why is this frightening?"
"Because it's not one."
Arius continued.
"Eyes also symbolize perception and realization. In other words, 10
billion eyes are defining Ymir. And he fears this situation. Therefore..."
Arius circled around and aimed at the center of the gazes.
"Ymir is there."
As soon as Arius finished speaking, a figure appeared in the previously
empty darkness.
Ymir, sitting cross-legged, rested his chin on his hand and smiled at
them.
"Correct."
"Ymir."
Everyone took a combat stance, but honestly, they didn't know what
stance they were in.
'No sensation.'
Because the 10 billion eyes weren't defining them.
"Yes. In other words... is this a dream?"
Usually, people don't realize they're dreaming, but Ymir wasn't an
ordinary being.
"Yes, it's a good method. This is probably what you're looking for,
right?"
When Ymir extended his hand, a sphere made of electricity emitted a blue
light.
'Ultima System.'
It was almost identical to what Shirone had obtained from Babel.
"Honestly, it's unpleasant. No enemy has ever infiltrated my mind.
Could it be the administrator? Well, the world is on the brink of destruction..."
Shirone spoke, "Ymir, hand it over. If you're truly strong, use
your power for the world."
Ymir readily extended his hand. "Fine, take it."
Shirone leaped forward, but no matter how much he moved, the distance
didn't close.
'No, that's not the problem.'
Honestly, he wasn't even sure if he had feet.
"Heh, see? You can't take it. Do you know why? I don't even care
about you."
As long as the 10 billion eyes didn't define them, they were still
nothing.
Ymir absorbed the Ultima System into his palm and slowly stood
up.
"I'll give you credit for trying. But you'll have to work hard to
meet me. Because my memory is..."
Ymir's figure disappeared into the darkness.
"...the Tomb of the Gods."