Chapter 1000:
Infinity (1)
McClain Goffin was a figure who existed in the world until just before
Shirone was born.
Although he had been erased, the shock of seeing such a person in front
of them was significant for Shirone's group.
"No, why..."
Arius's expression was serious.
According to what Shirone had heard, Ymir had clashed with Goffin early
in his life.
'I thought he would be the final gate...'
Others also vaguely thought Goffin would be the final gate.
If Ymir's unconscious is divided into layers based on the intensity of
sensations, then Shirone understood the current situation.
"It's not strange for Goffin to appear first. Although they
clashed, they didn't go all out."
Even so, the power was tremendous.
"The fact that he's in the fifth deep layer is evidence of a
powerful impact. Anyway, we have no choice but to fight." Shirone remained calm.
Although the form was exactly like Goffin, it was just a fictional
character created by Ymir.
'But he's strong.'
Just looking at the size of the Hand of God floating in the sky made it
clear how formidable he was in his prime.
Miro said, "Let's start, Shirone."
As the incarnation of Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara rose into the sky,
Goffin's Hand of God pressed down.
"Huff!"
Miro's face twisted.
The fists of Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara rapidly struck the palm of
light, but they were overwhelmed by its power.
"It's coming down!"
Gaold and Shirone simultaneously attacked with their combined
power.
"Ugh!"
The power was overwhelming.
Goffin's Hand of God neither sped up nor slowed down as it slowly
covered the ground.
Everything brightened, and soon Shirone found himself surrounded by a
pale world.
He couldn't tell if his eyes were open or closed, and he heard a
voice.
"Shirone."
It was a ghostly, chilling voice.
"Where am I?"
He couldn't sense direction, gravity, or even time.
"Aaah!"
As the screams continued, Shirone shouted.
"Who are you?"
"...there... is... me..."
He couldn't understand the broken syllables, but he felt one
thing.
'Anger.'
They called out to Shirone.
"Ugh!"
One syllable overlapped more than 10 billion times, making a sound like
a thick string being plucked.
In the cosmic sound waves, Shirone instinctively knew the owner of the
voice.
'Gaia.'
Those integrated into Ymir were rooted in the unconscious with anger and
despair.
'No, Gaia is already integrated and gone. Then why this sound...'
A thought flashed through his mind.
'The Butterfly of Zhuangzi.' He had heard that it could temporarily
escape the photon system.
A hypothesis formed.
'If there is an outer world, when the Butterfly of Zhuangzi is
activated, the one affected would be...
Probably the user?
'In reality, Gaia is integrated into Ymir. But in the outer world, they
are distinct entities.'
Since the Butterfly of Zhuangzi opened in the fifth deep layer, it
wouldn't fully awaken.
'But if they regained some consciousness and their awareness is flowing
in...
He got goosebumps.
'What state is Ymir in now?'
"Aaah!"
As the screams erupted again, Shirone tried to cover his ears, but it
was useless.
The sound waves were broken, and he couldn't understand them with his
ears.
'They're calling me.'
He was decoding the signals with Ultima, but even the meaning was
shattered into fragments.
'What do you want to say?' Shirone gritted his teeth.
Before understanding the meaning, he felt the extreme texture of the
language.
Even if he listed a billion words, he couldn't express it.
'Indifference. God is indifferent.'
Shirone knew.
The moment he translated the feeling into language, most of what they
conveyed would be distorted.
If he didn't think and just immersed himself in the concept, it would be
perfect...
But that was also emptiness.
'Think. I have to think.'
Shirone struggled to combine words to give meaning to his current
feeling.
For example,
'A dot revolves around a circle.'
A dot that endlessly orbits, symbolizing infinity.
Perfect and indifferent.
'Trapped in infinity.'
Using more words, it was being trapped in the definition of
infinity.
That's not infinity.
...a voice from Gaia said.
True infinity is forgetting even the concept of infinity.
To do that, it's not about endlessly moving forward, but rather having
nothing at all.
'Nothingness without limits.'
In other words, infinity without infinity.
'Empty your mind.'
Shirone emptied his mind.
'Forget your existence.'
As Shirone's existence disappeared, the universe, matter, and concepts
returned to their original state of nonexistence.
'This is infinite nothingness.'
Therefore, if Shirone still existed or thought of something,
It was just an illusion.
'An illusion without a subject.'
There were no screams or voices from Gaia, but the illusion
continued.
'How about it?'
It was as if he heard such words.
'Are you infinite now?'
Shirone let out a silent scream.
As he opened his eyes, the whole world exploded with light, and all
concepts were born.
The world was created.
"Aaah!"
As the veil of light peeled away from around Shirone, a faint voice was
heard from afar.
This time, it was clear.
'We are trapped gods. Infinite humans.'
The scenery of the fifth deep layer returned, and he saw his companions
crushed under the Hand of God.
'Open it, Hexa.'
At that moment, a signal from the outer world, which no one should know,
struck his brain.
"Ugh!"
He didn't know the meaning.
It might be the name of a rare insect like the sand-digging beetle,
which wasn't used in reality.
'But...
It was a signal from the outer world.
'You can't imagine the unimaginable. But I picked up a fragment.'
A faint image of the outer world was drawn in Shirone's mind.
Even if that image was completely wrong.
'Could it be...
The imagination triggered from there was unlike anything in reality,
sending shivers down his spine.
"Shirone!"
At Miro's voice, he turned to see Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara nearly
crushed.
As Shirone looked up at Goffin's Hand of God, he gritted his teeth and
widened his eyes.
"Infinity?..."
Infinity.
Like the smoke from a rocket's exhaust, Miracle Stream spread in all
directions.
'Hand of God.'
As if propelled, Shirone's Hand of God collided with Goffin's
palm.
'It's just an illusion.'
The group, who had been holding on with all their might, felt the
pressure suddenly lighten and turned their heads.
"What, what?"
Shirone's Hand of God grew endlessly and interlocked with the hand of
light created by Goffin.
"Yaaah!"
Like an adult bending a child's hand, Shirone's Hand of God pushed
forcefully and soared into the sky.
'Goffin.'
And with Goffin's Hand of God, it began to fall vertically towards the
ground.
'Although you are a memory of Ymir, I was happy to see you.'
Boom!
Goffin, struck directly by the light waterfall, stood still and met his
end.
At that moment, Shirone thought he saw it.
A faint smile on Goffin's face as he was engulfed by light.
The light waterfall continued for a while, and it wasn't until five
minutes later that it disappeared.
"Is it over?"
As Arius, who had been lying like a dog, raised his head, he saw a
massive hole in front of him.
Kangnan winked and gave a thumbs up.
"Well done, Shirone. You did it this time."
It didn't matter who succeeded since they were a team, but they wanted
to save Gaold for the last resort.
"I was lucky."
"Lucky..."
Miro looked at Shirone with a serious expression.
'The technique is the same. The reason he could increase the power is
because he reached a certain level. But...
Oddly, it didn't feel like a level.
'It feels strange. Really strange.' She didn't even want to approach
Shirone and ask what had happened.
'A sense of alienation. Yes, this is a vague fear that comes from deeper
than instinct.'
In other words, a cosmic sense of alienation that transcends living
beings.
That might be why Dreamwalker Luber looked at Shirone a bit
coldly.
'The Butterfly of Zhuangzi. I thought it was dangerous...
Luber sighed.
'Shirone, the Five Stars, is a good person.'
As the incarnation of Drimo, he loved all beings who dreamed, but
Shirone's dream was truly pure.
'I'm sorry. I can't help you. Probably 'they' can't either...
He couldn't predict the magnitude of the aftermath, but it was clear
that the situation had become complicated.
'Argones won't stay still. Even if it doesn't reach the 'final
moment.'
Should he at least reveal this? Luber shook his head.
'He's not someone who dreams immaturely. He exists in reality, so he'll
manage.'
He just didn't want to see Shirone crying out in sorrow in the
future.
Arius said, "Let's go down. We've wasted too much time. Have we
spent about a week here?"
Miro snapped, "It's all because of you. We've been feeding and
housing you, and you're still useless."
He didn't make excuses.
"I'm sorry. But now that we know the method, it will be faster. If
we can destroy the god sleeping in the fourth deep layer."
It was surprising that Goffin was the first, but Gaold didn't
care.
"Thinking about it won't change anything. Whoever it is, we'll just
take them down."
Without a hint of fear, Gaold threw himself into the pit, followed
closely by Kangnan.
"Shirone, let's go too."
Even after everyone had left the fifth deep layer, Shirone stayed behind
for a moment, lost in thought.
'I shouldn't reveal it.'
When he reached the state of infinite nothingness, he felt Miro and
Luber's gazes grow colder.
'It's understandable. Honestly, I see myself that way too. This doesn't
make sense.'
If there's no precedent for an event, whatever it is, it must be a
mistake.
He was scared, and the fact that he couldn't predict what would happen
made his chest feel tight.
"Goffin."
Looking back, Shirone recalled Goffin's smile in the final
moment.
'The Butterfly of Zhuangzi.'
Was he really Goffin?
"It doesn't matter."
What mattered was that he had smiled warmly at Shirone, who had reached
the state of infinite nothingness.
"Goodbye."
Feeling much lighter, Shirone quickly moved towards the entrance to the
fourth deep layer.
'Yes, I wasn't wrong. Keep moving forward.'
Perhaps...
Even that might be an illusion without a subject.