Chapter 1002:
Infinity (3)
The sight of entangled corpses seemed to have shattered even the dignity
of their previous lives.
"What is a god?"
The chief spoke with a sardonic laugh.
"In other words, what does it mean to transcend
humanity?"
He lifted the wrist of a corpse, caressing the body with adoration in
his eyes.
"He had some strange powers. In a way, that too could be considered
a form of strength."
As the chief let go, the arm of the corpse fell limply.
"How fierce was the struggle? To become safer, to gain more. But
that's not godliness."
Nade retorted sharply.
"What does that have to do with the atrocities you committed?
You're just a brutal murderer."
"Murderer? You shouldn't define me with such a lowly concept. At
least not here."
The chief lifted the eyelids of the corpse, gazing ecstatically into the
lifeless pupils.
"Let me prove that I am a god."
Then, turning his head abruptly, he began to mutilate the corpses with
his hands.
Nade grimaced.
"Disgusting!"
"These creatures, they couldn't resist. Do you understand what it
feels like to be perfectly safe? Have you ever felt that in your lifetime? But I feel it. Even if I do
this, or even as I do this..."
Electricity surged around Nade, but Shirone raised his arm to block
him.
"No one can harm me. It's perfect strength. That's why the corpses,
the bodies, this fragrant blood..."
The chief pulled something towards him, bit into it, and his eyelids
fluttered.
"It's the gold and silver bestowed by god."
"I see."
Shirone could no longer bear it.
"There's one thing I want to know. Who's behind this? The woman you
call 'that woman'. Where is she now?"
"Ha-ha-ha!" The chief burst into laughter, splattering
blood.
"Behind this? Foolish humans! What do you think I am? I am a god!
Your corpses will too be toyed with in my hands here!"
"Assuming that's true..."
Nade rolled up his sleeves and approached.
"Let's get this over with."
His body, wrapped in blue electricity, made the air crackle as he
charged at the chief.
Just as his fingers were about to snatch the chief's face.
"Stop."
A woman's voice from behind made Nade land powerless.
Shirone turned around to see the woman who had been locked in the jail
until just moments ago.
"Ravika?"
Nade spoke, but Shirone shook his head.
"No, it's different."
Though it was hard to pinpoint, the aura exuded by the person had
changed.
"It's the heart that's changed."
If it was a matter of emotions, it was somewhat clear who was behind all
this.
"Reveal yourself, Prejudice of the Fifth Hour." Shirone, who
had heard of it from Iruki and Nade, squinted his eyes and asked.
"The Prejudice of the Fifth Hour, as in Hell?"
Ravika just smiled, and the chief stood up, chuckling.
"Didn't I tell you! I am a god!"
Iruki realized the identity of 'that woman'.
"The being of the otherworld is not a living human but the evil
that has seeped into the villagers' hearts."
Nade tensed up and asked.
"Hell? Weren't you supposed to be guarding Satan?"
"The concept of space-time is meaningless. 0.666 seconds is a time
not accounted for by the laws. If you cast a Stop spell, it might reveal itself, but..."
Probably, Ravika would kill herself.
Just like the mother of the two children brainwashed by the Prejudice of
the Fifth Hour had stabbed herself in the heart.
"Ha-ha-ha! Exactly! This woman, she has some decent mental skills.
But she can't beat me."
"Did you leave her on purpose?"
"Didn't you know? The reason evil prevails is because good is weak.
It's not that it can't be eradicated, but it's necessary. If everything turns evil, where would we get
our pleasures?"
That's the nature of evil.
Therefore, to defeat evil, a stoic as distant from human standards as
evil itself is needed.
Ravika spread her arms wide.
"That truth holds even now. Look, the only person who tried to save
this village is right in front of you. Do you think you can kill me?"
Not hiding it anymore, Iruki confessed openly.
"I can't kill you. But it's not because I'm weak."
"What do I care about your thoughts? The important thing is Satan
has won again. Poor Yahweh, you will never achieve what you want. As long as humans are tempted by evil,
the war is ours."
Nade stepped forward.
"You're misunderstanding something; Yahweh is Shirone. And I'm just
an extremely emotional ordinary human."
His body erupted in blue electricity, lighting up the cave walls
blindingly.
"I'll kill her, Shirone. Not for you but by my choice. Don't try to
stop me."
Rubbing his body against the corpses, the chief screamed.
"Eeeheehee! Fools! Don't you understand yet? The pleasure of the
flesh is indeed divine..."
Iruki's atomic bomb exploded.
With a loud bang, the chief's body was flung and mixed indistinguishably
with the corpses.
As Nade, who had lost his reason, tried to leap forward, Ravika pointed
her index finger at him.
"Shirone is your enemy."
As soon as the words fell, a tremendous change began in Nade's
heart.
"Grrr!"
Prejudice of the Fifth Hour.
Once something is defined, everyone starts to think that way.
"Shirone is the enemy who killed your family. Don't be deceived by
one wearing Yahweh's mask."
"No, that can't be."
Even though he knew it made no sense, his heart continued to amplify
doubts.
"Kill Shirone. Avenge him."
"Shut up! There must have been a reason! Shirone must have had a
reason for killing my family!"
Prejudice of the Fifth Hour was surprised.
'Can he withstand this? Even if it's true that Shirone killed his
family...'
Iruki, too, was looking at Shirone unfavorably but didn't seem to
act.
"Keke, what moving friendship."
Ravika twisted a smile.
"Kill him! Shirone brutally slaughtered your family! And he did it
while laughing!"
"Aaaaah!"
As the electric storm tangled to burst, Shirone said.
"Nade, you don't have to endure. I'll block it. It's not your true
feelings. It's her powers."
"No... I don't want to."
Nade's face contorted like a demon's.
"Even if it's a demon's power, even if you killed my family, even
if you did it while laughing..."
As he spoke, his rage amplified.
"But still..."
The terrifying half of Nade's face gradually relaxed, and tears streamed
down.
"It's not true, right, Shirone? You're lying, right?"
'Prejudice of the Fifth Hour.'
Shirone's eyes flashed with murderous intent.
'I want to kill her.'
The only reason he was still enduring was because of the chance Nade
would create.
Prejudice of the Fifth Hour finally realized the seriousness.
'A hidden code didn't enter? No, that can't be. Even if the art of the
mind is exceptionally skillful...'
The ability to handle anger to this extent was a marvelous thing.
"Ah? Ah? Ah?"
At that moment, Nade's body twitched violently, and his pupils began to
roll upwards.
'It's coming, it's coming!'
All thoughts faded palely, and a torrent of rage burst through the cave
ceiling.
"Kraaaa!"
The avatar of rage.
The electrical rebirth of neurons roared, scratching everyone present
with its nails.
"Oof!"
Ravika's pupils flashed with a clear moment, which Shirone did not
miss.
'Now!'
Stop.
As time froze, a woman in a black robe emerged from Ravika.
"Yeaaaaah!"
Filled with all the rage till now, the Hand of God grabbed the Prejudice
of the Fifth Hour and soared.
The deep cave hole punched through, revealing the sky, and the hidden
code was released.
As Nade, who had lost his mind, went outside, Iruki, who had regained
his senses, shouted.
"Shirone! I'll handle this here!"
"Please do!"
Flying out of the cave, Shirone spotted the Prejudice of the Fifth Hour
descending into a deep shadow.
"I'll kill it."
The Hand of God slammed the earth, making a thumping sound as the
mountain shook.
Then, Nade's electrical rebirth of neurons struck the ground,
electrifying the surroundings instantly.
Thousands of lightning bolts surged backward, turning the plants into
ashes in an instant.
"Ha! Ha!"
Even after regaining his senses, Nade still trembled with rage against
the Prejudice of the Fifth Hour.
"Damn it! You damn..."
Shirone rushed to his side.
"Nade, are you okay?"
"Yeah, sorry. I got too excited."
"No, thanks to you, we could reduce the casualties. Mrs. Ravika
will be safe too."
Nade looked forward.
"Is she dead? Or can she be killed?"
"In the 0.666 seconds of reality, Hell is in the state of the
living gods. If it was hit properly, the chance of survival is slim."
Iruki approached with the survivors.
"What happened?"
"As you can see."
Showing the devastated scene was more effective than a hundred
words.
Ravika knelt, tears streaming down.
"Ah, Lord Yore, I have succumbed to the temptation of evil. Please
punish me."
Shirone touched her shoulder.
"Don't blame yourself. That woman is a great evil that even Yore
struggles with. You did your best."
"How is my husband, and our child?"
Shirone chose his words carefully.
"Your prayers have been answered. Your husband tried to escape the
village with your child."
The phrase 'I am the king' lingered in his mind, but it seemed
unnecessary to mention it.
Iruki pointed towards the entrance of the village.
"Shirone, look over there."
A procession of long torches approached, followed by the clanking sound
of armor.
Approximately 80 soldiers in peach-colored armor approached Shirone and
his group.
"Stop!"
The captain, mounted on a horse, counted his troops and then removed his
helmet, which extended down to his chin.
She was a woman with blonde hair and a high nose bridge.
"What are you?"
Her tone was harsh, and the torchlight flickered on the longsword aimed
at Shirone's forehead.
"To think there are still people in a place filled with evil
energy. Identify yourselves quickly, or else..."
Still not calmed down, Nade flicked the blade with his finger and
approached.
"And who are you to threaten us with a sword?"
The soldiers drew their swords.
"Will you not stand down? How dare you threaten a Paladin of the
Rami Church!"
Shirone's eyes widened.
"Huh? Rami Church?"
It was the world's largest religion and the only one with a Pope.
"Yes! We are the Divine Expedition sent personally by the Pope to
vanquish the evils of the world! Kneel immediately!"
The woman raised her hand.
"No, that's enough. The earthquake and lightning that just occurred
were surely caused by the evil residing in this mountain. Where has it gone?"
Nade pointed down the mountain.
"If it's that..."
Following his finger, the soldiers' faces suddenly turned pale.
"Paladin, please look over there."
"Why the fuss? Tsk."
She turned her head with a scowl, but she too lost her words upon seeing
the landscape.
"What is that?"
On the scorched earth, a giant fist mark had altered the terrain
itself.